AURO TWO YES AND WE
STILL DON&apos;T HAVE A QUORUM
CORRECT, CORRECT.
WELL WE&apos;LL DO ROLL CALL ANYWAY
TO SEE WHO&apos;S HERE NOW AND I&apos;LL
START WITH ME.
I&apos;M ACTING CHAIR VICE CHAIR
LARRY KRP COMMISSIONER CALLING
FROM NOT THIS TIME MY RECLINER
BUT MY OFFICE CHAIR AND OK AND
COMMISSIONER POLSTER RIGHT
HERE.
YEAH, COMMISSIONER HOPKINS NOT
COMMISSIONER DAMON IS ABSENT
HERE.
TODAY.
COMMISSIONER DAMON IS ABSENT
&gt;&gt; COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
TODAY.
COMMISSIONER MOSAD HELLO.
&gt;&gt; COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
KATHLEEN BOZAK AND I AM A
COMMISSIONER MOSAD HELLO.
COMMISSIONER AND I&apos;M CALLING IN
KATHLEEN BOZAK AND I AM A
FROM ANN ARBOR, WASHTENAW
COMMISSIONER AND I&apos;M CALLING IN
COUNTY.
FROM ANN ARBOR, WASHTENAW
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
COUNTY.
ALL TIM HALL COMMISSIONER
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
ALL TIM HALL COMMISSIONER
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, ALEX
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
GOSSAGE COMMISSIONER CALLING IN
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, ALEX
FROM ANN ARBOR.
GOSSAGE COMMISSIONER CALLING IN
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
FROM ANN ARBOR.
I MEAN COUNCILWOMAN NELSON IS
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER.
NOT HERE.
I MEAN COUNCILWOMAN NELSON IS
COMMISSIONER BRATTON IS NOT
NOT HERE.
HERE AND COMMISSIONER ALAN
COMMISSIONER BRATTON IS NOT
GRIFFIN IS GOING TO BE ABSENT
HERE AND COMMISSIONER ALAN
TODAY ON NATSUME.
GRIFFIN IS GOING TO BE ABSENT
THE FIRST THING I HAVE TO SAY
TODAY ON NATSUME.
IS THAT CHAIRMAN ZAK&apos;S CHAIRMAN
THE FIRST THING I HAVE TO SAY
DAMON SAID THAT HE VERY MUCH
IS THAT CHAIRMAN ZAK&apos;S CHAIRMAN
APOLOGIZES FOR NOT BEING HERE
DAMON SAID THAT HE VERY MUCH
BUT HE SAID HE&apos;S GOT A PREVIOUS
APOLOGIZES FOR NOT BEING HERE
ENGAGEMENT SO HE APOLOGIZES
BUT HE SAID HE&apos;S GOT A PREVIOUS
VERY MUCH FOR NOT BEING HERE
ENGAGEMENT SO HE APOLOGIZES
AND SINCE WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
VERY MUCH FOR NOT BEING HERE
QUORUM, I THINK WE SHOULD MOVE
AND SINCE WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
ON TO IF EVERYBODY AGREES, I
QUORUM, I THINK WE SHOULD MOVE
THINK WE SHOULD MOVE ON TO THE
ON TO IF EVERYBODY AGREES, I
PRESENTATION FIRST.
THINK WE SHOULD MOVE ON TO THE
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON IS HERE
PRESENTATION FIRST.
FOR THE
NOT THE SOLOMON AND
MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; DOES THAT MAKE A CAUTIONARY
NOTE?
I GET OK, WELL WITH ANY COMMENT
WITH YOUR WITH YOUR GUYS THIS
PERMISSION I THINK WITH THE
COMMISSION&apos;S PERMISSION I THINK
WE SHOULD MOVE STRAIGHT ON TO
OUR PRESENTATION THEN.
SEEMS LIKE A GOOD IDEA, LARRY.
ALL RIGHT.
SO THE FIRST PRESENTATION I&apos;M
FOLLOWING ALONG WITH MY VOICE
ON THIS ABOUT PEOPLE FROM MOVE
AMUSING AND WE GOT MR. PETER
GRANT AND MR. THOMAS HARDY
ACTUALLY THOMAS WAS IN THE
AUDIENCE AND THOMAS WASN&apos;T ABLE
TO JOIN TODAY AND WAS JULIA
ROBERTS I HAVEN&apos;T I HAVEN&apos;T
SEEN HER EITHER.
BUT THAT&apos;S OK.
I&apos;VE I&apos;VE DONE THIS BEFORE ON
MY OWN AND I HAVE NO PROBLEM
DOING IT AGAIN.
&gt;&gt; OK, WELL THEN WITH ALL DUE
PLEASE PRESENT.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL LET ME START BY SAYING
THANK YOU TO EVERYBODY FOR
HAVING HAVING ME HERE TODAY AND
YOU KNOW, ALLOWING US TO
INTRODUCE OURSELVES TO TO THIS
GROUP AND AND IN ONE SHOT HERE
IT&apos;S IT&apos;S AN HONOR FOR US TO BE
SPEAKING WITH YOU AND WE
APPRECIATE YOU GUYS CARVING OUT
SOME TIME FOR US TODAY.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO KNOW ALEX NICE
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
I&apos;M GOING TO SHARE MY SCREEN
WHEN THEY GET A CHANCE HERE.
NOW DENISE, DO I HAVE TO STICK
TO THE PRESENTATION THAT I
SHARED WITH YOU OR AM I ABLE TO
BOUNCE INTO ANOTHER ONE AS
WELL?
&gt;&gt; I WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU
OK ALL RIGHT.
BECAUSE I&apos;M GOING TO GO THROUGH
THIS ONE FAIRLY QUICK AND THERE
MIGHT BE ANOTHER ONE THAT I
WANT TO JUMP INTO.
&gt;&gt; SO CAN YOU GUYS SEE MY
SCREEN SOME.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO AGAIN REINTRODUCE
MYSELF AS PETER GRINDY FROM I&apos;M
A CO-FOUNDER OF MOVE AND MOVE
IS SPELLED MOVIE WHICH STANDS
FOR MY UNIVERSAL VISION FOR
EVERYONE.
AND IN THIS PRESENTATION
MICHIGAN&apos;S UNIVERSAL VISION FOR
EVERYONE WHICH JUST SO HAPPENS
TO WORK REALLY WELL WITH THE
WITH THE LETTER THE LETTER SO
FAR SO YOU KNOW WHAT WE&apos;RE HERE
TODAY TO DO IS INTRODUCE
OURSELVES AND OUR PROGRAM THAT
WE&apos;RE WE&apos;RE STARTING TO LAUNCH
IN WASHTENAW COUNTY WITH RIDE
THE WAVE OR WITH WAVE BUS AND
JULIA ROBERTS AND HER TEAM IN
PARTNERSHIP WITH AMDOCS
MICHIGAN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
CORPORATION AND I INCLUDED THE
LOGO HERE WITH YOU GUYS BECAUSE
I REALLY APPRECIATE THIS
OPPORTUNITY TODAY.
SO JUST GOING TO KEEP MOVING
ALONG HERE.
&gt;&gt; I GOT A LITTLE AGENDA THAT
WE&apos;RE GOING TO LAY OUT FOR YOU
GUYS TODAY.
THIS IS OUR DIVERSITY AND
INCLUSION STATEMENT AND YOU
KNOW, I DON&apos;T KNOW.
DENISE, DOES EVERYONE HAVE A
COPY OF THIS PRESENTATION SO I
DON&apos;T HAVE TO NECESSARILY READ
IT.
THEY&apos;LL BE ABLE TO REVIEW SOME
OF THESE SLIDES ON THEIR OWN.
&gt;&gt; YES, I ATTACHED IT TO THE
AGENDA ALL RIGHT, AWESOME.
OK, SO YOU KNOW, IT&apos;S OBVIOUSLY
EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TO US
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION.
IT&apos;S WHY WE STARTED THIS
COMPANY.
IT&apos;S A HUGE PILLAR OF OUR
COMPANY WITHIN OUR CORPORATE
CULTURE INTERNALLY AND
EVERYTHING WE DO EXTERNALLY HAS
TO KIND OF MAKE SURE IT AMENDS
THAT AND IS A IS A HUGE MISSION
FOR US GOING FORWARD.
SO INTRODUCING OURSELVES WE
STAND FOR MY UNIVERSAL VISION
FOR EVERYONE AND WE DESIGNED
OUR TECHNOLOGY TO BE A
COMMUNITY LED ECOSYSTEM THROUGH
TRANSIT OPERATIONS AND OUR
TECHNOLOGY AND THEN A LOT
OF STAKEHOLDER COLLABORATION
WHICH IS PROBABLY THE MOST
IMPORTANT PIECE OF MOVE WE
TACKLE THE BARRIERS THAT THAT
EXIST IN INCLUSIVE TRANSPORT,
THE BUILT ENVIRONMENT, CUSTOMER
SERVICE AND COMMUNITY
PARTNERSHIPS ARE COLLABORATION
AND WE DO THAT BY AGGREGATING
ALL THESE BELOW STAKEHOLDERS
HERE THE TRANSIT COMMUNITY
ORGANIZATIONS, TRAIN DRIVERS,
LOCAL BUSINESSES AND OF COURSE
THE RIDERS ARE THE END USERS.
SO WE ASK OURSELVES WHY MOVE?
AND IT&apos;S REALLY BECAUSE
TRANSPORTATION IN ITSELF IS
ALWAYS ONE OF THE BIGGEST
BARRIERS TOWARDS A FULLY
INCLUSIVE SOCIETY.
SO WE DO SO MUCH TO MAKE OUR
BUILDINGS ACCESSIBLE AND YOU
KNOW, OUR LIBRARIES AND THINGS
LIKE THAT.
BUT SOMETIMES WE JUST CAN&apos;T GET
PEOPLE TO AND FROM THERE SO OUR
HOSPITALS AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
SO WHEN WE LOOK AT
TRANSPORTATION AS A COLLECTIVE
AND NOT FROM INDIVIDUAL
PERSPECTIVES, WE REALIZE THAT
WE CAN ACCOMPLISH MORE TOGETHER
.
SO OUR TECHNOLOGY AND OUR
APPROACHES TO COLLABORATION
WHICH ALLOWS THE LOCAL
COMMUNITY AND ITS STAKEHOLDERS
TO COLLABORATE AND BUILD
SOMETHING UNIQUE FOR THEIR
NEEDS.
SO EVERY SOLUTION THAT WE
REALLY LAUNCH IS DIFFERENT
DEPENDING ON THE AREA THAT
WE&apos;RE IN AND THAT REALLY COMES
FROM PEOPLE LIKE YOU GUYS AND
OUR PARTNERS AND THINGS LIKE
THAT.
SO A SUMMARY OF OUR OF OUR
ECOSYSTEM HERE YOU CAN SEE WE
HAVE OUR CURRENT PARTNERS ALONG
SIDE HERE WE GOT THE WAVE BUS M
DOT MICHIGAN ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION.
THOMAS&apos;S COMPANY IS RIDE YOUR
WAY AND HE&apos;S ALSO A MOVE
REPRESENTATIVE.
WE HAVE YOU GUYS HERE AND I
JUST PUT THIS YEAR AS A
CONVERSATION STARTER BECAUSE
THIS IS OUR HOPE IS THAT WE
CONTINUE TO FILL THIS PAGE WITH
MORE LOGOS AND MORE PEOPLE THAT
HAVE COMMON NEEDS IN BOTH
TRANSPORTATION AND AND
INFORMATION AND COMMUNITY.
SO YOU CAN SEE MOVE KIND
OF SITS RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF THIS ECOSYSTEM AND WE DO OUR
BEST TO FACILITATE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT THROUGH TECHNOLOGY
AND THE SHARING OF DATA AND
INFORMATION BETWEEN ALL THE
STAKEHOLDERS.
WE COMMUNICATE AND COLLABORATE
AND CONNECT IT THROUGH THE
TECHNOLOGY.
BUT YOU CAN SEE HERE THIS IS
WHERE THERE&apos;S ALWAYS THESE GAPS
IN TRANSPORTATION AND ONE
OF THOSE JOBS OR OUR MAIN JOB
IS REALLY TO AGGREGATE AND
ORGANIZE AND HELP PROVIDE A
PLATFORM SO THAT TRANSIT
PRIVATE TRANSIT EXCUSE ME
PRIVATE TRANSPORTATION
PROVIDERS AND TAXI PROVIDERS
CAN ALL WORK TOGETHER, FIND
EFFICIENCIES AND MAKE SURE THAT
THE END USER EXPERIENCES IS THE
BEST THAT IT CAN BE.
SO WE DO THAT THROUGH OUR
APPLICATION, OUR TECHNOLOGY.
SO WE HAVE I&apos;M JUST GOING TO
QUICKLY GO OVER THE TECHNOLOGY
.
THIS IS OUR DEMAND RIDER
APPLICATIONS AND IT&apos;S A LOT
LIKE YOUR YOUR UBER AND YOUR
LIFTS AND THE LEADING RIDE
SHARE COMPETITORS.
YOU CAN SEE THE VEHICLES IN
REAL TIME.
YOU CAN SELECT YOUR SERVICE
ALONG THE BOTTOM.
YOU CAN PRESCHEDULE AND ARE AND
ARE GRABBING ON DEMAND RIDE AND
YOU CAN GO FROM THERE.
I CIRCLE THIS BECAUSE WE WORK
WITH SOME OF THE LOCAL
ORGANIZATIONS TO SEE IF THERE&apos;S
ANY EXTRA FUNDS THAT CAN BE
RAISED AT THE END INSTEAD OF A
TIP TO THE DRIVER.
MAYBE THERE MIGHT BE A DONATION
TO CERTAIN FOUNDATIONS AND
SOCIETIES THAT MIGHT BE OUT
THERE IN MICHIGAN AND THAT IS
PART OF OUR JOB REALLY TO RAISE
THE AWARENESS OF OTHER
ORGANIZATIONS ALONG WITH OURS
AND WHAT REALLY SEPARATES US
FROM SOME OF THE OTHERS IS THAT
WE HAVE COMMUNITY BUILDING
TOOLKITS WITHIN THE APP.
SO HERE I&apos;M I&apos;M SHOWING YOU
GUYS WHAT WE DO IS CURATE
EVENTS IN THE AREA FOR FOR THE
PEOPLE TO ATTEND LIKE CURATED
EVENTS AND FOOD AND DRINK
SPORTS LEARNING ENTERTAINMENT.
THIS IS A BOWLING NIGHT AND YOU
CAN LOOK YOUR RIDE AWAY FROM
THE APP, INVITE SOMEBODY ELSE
TO GO ON ALONG WITH YOU AND
THEN YOU CAN SHARE IT OVER YOUR
SOCIAL NETWORKS WHICH HELPS
KIND OF INCREASE THE VOLUME AND
RAISE THE VOLUME OF ALL OF OUR
COLLECTIVE GOALS AND MISSIONS
IN ONE SHOT.
SO WE&apos;RE NOT ONLY JUST GETTING
YOU TO DOCTOR&apos;S APPOINTMENTS
AND THINGS LIKE THAT BUT WE&apos;RE
HELPING YOU TO BE MORE SOCIAL.
YOU GET TO THE LIBRARY AND BE A
PART OF SOCIETY SO THAT YOU CAN
BE SPONTANEOUS AND DO THE
THINGS THAT YOU WANT TO DO AND
MAYBE MEET YOUR FUTURE
EMPLOYER, YOUR FUTURE WIFE AND
CONTRIBUTE BACK INTO SOCIETY.
ONE OF THE OTHER THINGS THAT WE
DO IS AS WE COMMIT TO A
COMMUNITY AND THEY COMMIT TO US
AS WE START TO TAG THE BUILT
ENVIRONMENT.
SO WE&apos;LL GO AROUND AND AND
START TO ASK QUESTIONS IS THIS
LOCATION ACCESSIBLE OR
ACCESSIBLE BATHROOMS?
AND YOU CAN SEE RIGHT WITHIN
THE APP IF YOUR LOCATION IS
ACCESSIBLE AND GREEN RED OR
ORANGE PINS MEANS PART OF THE
ACCESSIBLE AND YOU CAN UPLOAD
PICTURES TO THE APP IF THERE&apos;S
A CERTAIN BARRIER THAT YOU WANT
TO GIVE PEOPLE THE HEADS UP FOR
AND THEN THEY CAN ALMOST PLAN
THEIR TRIP.
SO WE NOT ONLY GET YOU THERE
BUT WE CAN HELP PROVIDE A
REASON FOR YOU TO GET OUT AND
WE CAN ALSO HELP YOU PLAN YOUR
TRIP SO THAT THERE&apos;S THE LEAST
AMOUNT OF ANXIETY AND
COMFORT LEVEL WITHIN THAT TRIP
.
WE HAVE A LOT OF DRIVER APPS
THAT HELP THEM TO BUILD THEIR
BUSINESS AND BE SUSTAINABLE AND
GIVE CONTINUITY.
THERE&apos;S NOTHING WORSE THAN
SHOWING UP TO COMMUNITY AND
THEN LEAVING FOUR OR FIVE
MONTHS LATER BECAUSE THERE
WASN&apos;T ENOUGH BUSINESS OR IT
WAS A PILOT PROJECT OR
WHATEVER.
WE REALLY WANT TO COMMIT TO ALL
THE STAKEHOLDERS THAT COMMIT TO
US AND BY DOING SO AND GIVING
THEM THE TOOLS TO BE MORE
SUCCESSFUL, THEN WE HAVE A
BETTER CHANCE OF DOING THAT.
SO YOU KNOW, THIS IS OUR
TRANSIT DRIVER APP THAT JULIA
AND HER TEAM WILL BE USING AND
THEN THEY&apos;LL ALSO BE USING US
THIS DISPATCH PORTAL THAT
REALLY TIES ALL OF THESE
TECHNOLOGIES TOGETHER.
SO WE WAS ABLE TO DISPATCH THE
VEHICLES, MANAGE THE DRIVERS,
SPEAK TO THE RIDERS IN REAL
TIME AND EVERYTHING WAS
CREATED TOGETHER.
SO THERE&apos;S A REALLY SEAMLESS
FLOW TO THIS REAL TIME
INFORMATION, REAL TIME DATA AT
YOUR FINGERTIPS.
SO WE&apos;RE JUST FINISHING OFF
THAT INTEGRATION WITH WAVE AND
JULIA AND HER TEAM PROBABLY WE
WE&apos;RE PRETTY MUCH DONE NOW.
WE&apos;RE JUST MAKING SURE THAT THE
NEXT 15 DAYS BY THE END OF THE
MONTH WE WE&apos;RE WORKING OUT SOME
KINKS AND THEY SHOULD BE GOING
LIVE ON THE SERVICE BY APRIL
1ST, WHICH IS VERY EXCITING FOR
US.
WE&apos;VE WORKED WITH THEM BEFORE.
WE HAVE SOME TESTIMONIALS HERE
FROM FROM GENE AND FROM ERIC
WHO WE WERE ACTUALLY UP IN THE
UP WE WE CUT OUR TEETH IN THE
AP WITH THE MICHIGAN MOBILITY
CHALLENGE.
UNFORTUNATELY WE&apos;RE NOT THERE
CURRENTLY BECAUSE COVID KIND
OF DERAILED THEIR THEIR
OPERATIONS OVER THERE AND
REALLY HAMPERED THEIR EFFORTS
TO PUT PUT INTO NEW TECHNOLOGY
AND NEW SERVICES, THINGS LIKE
THAT.
SO HOPEFULLY WE CAN REVISIT
BUT YOU KNOW, WE HAD A GOOD
THAT.
GOOD WORD WITH MODOT AND THEY
BUT YOU KNOW, WE HAD A GOOD
REALLY WANTED US TO TRY THIS
GOOD WORD WITH MODOT AND THEY
AGAIN AND THEY MOVED US INTO
REALLY WANTED US TO TRY THIS
JULIAS AREA, YOU KNOW, THROUGH
AGAIN AND THEY MOVED US INTO
JULIAS GRACE AND COMMITMENT AND
JULIAS AREA, YOU KNOW, THROUGH
THROUGH THEIR COMMITMENT TO US.
JULIAS GRACE AND COMMITMENT AND
SO WE&apos;RE PRETTY GRATEFUL FOR
THROUGH THEIR COMMITMENT TO US.
THAT AND EXCITED TO SEE WHAT WE
SO WE&apos;RE PRETTY GRATEFUL FOR
CAN BUILD.
THAT AND EXCITED TO SEE WHAT WE
SO I WANTED TO I&apos;M GOING TO
CAN BUILD.
STOP THIS YEAR AND THEN MAYBE
SO I WANTED TO I&apos;M GOING TO
GO QUICKLY INTO THE APP ITSELF
STOP THIS YEAR AND THEN MAYBE
IF YOU GUYS ARE OK WITH THAT
GO QUICKLY INTO THE APP ITSELF
AND JUST SHOW YOU MAYBE WHAT&apos;S
IF YOU GUYS ARE OK WITH THAT
A LITTLE BIT MORE IN DEPTH
AND JUST SHOW YOU MAYBE WHAT&apos;S
OF WHAT WHAT THE APP CAN
A LITTLE BIT MORE IN DEPTH
ACTUALLY DO.
OF WHAT WHAT THE APP CAN
SO YOU KNOW, YOU SIGN IN CAN
ACTUALLY DO.
YOU GUYS SEE MY SCREEN STILL?
SO YOU KNOW, YOU SIGN IN CAN
&gt;&gt; YES.
YOU GUYS SEE MY SCREEN STILL?
OK, AWESOME.
&gt;&gt; YES.
&gt;&gt; SO YOU LOG IN WITH WITH YOUR
OK, AWESOME.
WITH YOUR SMARTPHONE, YOUR
&gt;&gt; SO YOU LOG IN WITH WITH YOUR
DEVICE WE VERIFY YOUR PHONE
WITH YOUR SMARTPHONE, YOUR
NUMBER, YOU START TO CREATE
DEVICE WE VERIFY YOUR PHONE
ACCOUNTS SO RIGHT AWAY YOU CAN
NUMBER, YOU START TO CREATE
SIGN UP ON BEHALF OF SOMEBODY
ACCOUNTS SO RIGHT AWAY YOU CAN
ELSE AS A CAREGIVER OR ON
SIGN UP ON BEHALF OF SOMEBODY
BEHALF OF YOURSELF.
ELSE AS A CAREGIVER OR ON
AND WE SAID RIGHT AWAY WE START
BEHALF OF YOURSELF.
TO ASK YOU WITH SOME OF YOUR
AND WE SAID RIGHT AWAY WE START
ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS ARE AND YOU
TO ASK YOU WITH SOME OF YOUR
CAN MAKE NOTES INTO YOUR
ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS ARE AND YOU
ACCOUNT.
CAN MAKE NOTES INTO YOUR
YOU KNOW, I HAVE AN OVERSIZE
ACCOUNT.
WHEELCHAIR OR I HAD A STROKE
YOU KNOW, I HAVE AN OVERSIZE
AND MINIMUM LEFT SIDE MOBILITY,
WHEELCHAIR OR I HAD A STROKE
DIFFERENT THINGS LIKE THAT.
AND MINIMUM LEFT SIDE MOBILITY,
SO NOW WE CAN HAVE A ASSISTANCE
DIFFERENT THINGS LIKE THAT.
DOG WITH YOU KNOW, WE CAN SEND
SO NOW WE CAN HAVE A ASSISTANCE
THE RIGHT VEHICLE, THE RIGHT
DOG WITH YOU KNOW, WE CAN SEND
DRIVER FOR THE RIGHT CLIENT FOR
THE RIGHT VEHICLE, THE RIGHT
THE CLIENT THAT&apos;S ASKED FOR IT
DRIVER FOR THE RIGHT CLIENT FOR
AND AND IT&apos;S JUST A BETTER
THE CLIENT THAT&apos;S ASKED FOR IT
SERVICE TO THE CLIENT.
AND AND IT&apos;S JUST A BETTER
SO THIS LIKE I SAID, YOU CAN
SERVICE TO THE CLIENT.
SEE THE VEHICLES IN REAL TIME.
SO THIS LIKE I SAID, YOU CAN
YOU CAN IT SAVES YOUR
SEE THE VEHICLES IN REAL TIME.
FREQUENTLY USED ADDRESSES AND
YOU CAN IT SAVES YOUR
YOU CAN ALREADY SEE THE PINS ON
FREQUENTLY USED ADDRESSES AND
THE SIDE THAT I WAS TALKING
YOU CAN ALREADY SEE THE PINS ON
ABOUT.
THE SIDE THAT I WAS TALKING
SO I WANT TO GO TO CITY CAFE
ABOUT.
AND HERE YOU&apos;LL SEE THE
SO I WANT TO GO TO CITY CAFE
DIFFERENT OPTIONS.
AND HERE YOU&apos;LL SEE THE
SO YOU HAVE AN ASSISTED RIDE
DIFFERENT OPTIONS.
WHICH IS A SEDAN WITH AN
SO YOU HAVE AN ASSISTED RIDE
ASSISTED DRIVER, A WHEELCHAIR
WHICH IS A SEDAN WITH AN
RIDE.
ASSISTED DRIVER, A WHEELCHAIR
THESE ARE BOTH ON DEMAND AND
RIDE.
THEN IN THIS CASE YOU CAN ALSO
THESE ARE BOTH ON DEMAND AND
CALL JULIAS WAVE SERVICE AND
THEN IN THIS CASE YOU CAN ALSO
GET IT RIGHT FROM THERE FOR THE
CALL JULIAS WAVE SERVICE AND
SUBSIDIZED RATE YOU CAN PRE
GET IT RIGHT FROM THERE FOR THE
SCHEDULE YOUR YOUR TRIP AND
SUBSIDIZED RATE YOU CAN PRE
THEN ADD IT TO YOUR CALENDAR
SCHEDULE YOUR YOUR TRIP AND
AND IT HELPS YOU JUST TO
THEN ADD IT TO YOUR CALENDAR
ORGANIZE AND ALL THAT STUFF.
AND IT HELPS YOU JUST TO
SO THIS IS THE ACTIVITIES THAT
ORGANIZE AND ALL THAT STUFF.
WE MENTIONED SO YOU CAN SEE
SO THIS IS THE ACTIVITIES THAT
HERE A LITTLE BIT CLOSER.
WE MENTIONED SO YOU CAN SEE
THIS IS A BOWLING NIGHT.
HERE A LITTLE BIT CLOSER.
WHEN IS IT WHERE IS IT YOU CAN
THIS IS A BOWLING NIGHT.
SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE GOING
WHEN IS IT WHERE IS IT YOU CAN
TO SEE IF ANY OF THESE ARE YOUR
SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE GOING
FRIENDS OR PEOPLE THAT YOU
TO SEE IF ANY OF THESE ARE YOUR
WANTED TO GET TO KNOW CLICK I&apos;M
FRIENDS OR PEOPLE THAT YOU
GOING TO PUT A FEW MORE PEOPLE
WANTED TO GET TO KNOW CLICK I&apos;M
IN THERE IF YOU WANT TO GO WITH
GOING TO PUT A FEW MORE PEOPLE
FAMILY, FRIENDS, CAREGIVERS OR
IN THERE IF YOU WANT TO GO WITH
WHATEVER IT MIGHT BE CONFIRM
FAMILY, FRIENDS, CAREGIVERS OR
SHARED OVER YOUR SOCIAL NETWORK
WHATEVER IT MIGHT BE CONFIRM
AND NOW WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING IS
SHARED OVER YOUR SOCIAL NETWORK
CREATING THAT COMMUNITY WITHIN
AND NOW WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING IS
THE COMMUNITY SO AND THEN USE
CREATING THAT COMMUNITY WITHIN
THE TAGGING SO YOU START TO SEE
THE COMMUNITY SO AND THEN USE
ALL THE PINS.
THE TAGGING SO YOU START TO SEE
THERE&apos;S SOME ORANGE, SOME RED,
ALL THE PINS.
SOME GREEN YOU CAN CLICK ON
THERE&apos;S SOME ORANGE, SOME RED,
CREW COLLECTIVE HERE AND THESE
SOME GREEN YOU CAN CLICK ON
ARE THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE
CREW COLLECTIVE HERE AND THESE
QUESTIONS AND IT JUST GROWS BY
ARE THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE
AND THEY&apos;RE VERY EASY.
QUESTIONS AND IT JUST GROWS BY
YES OR NO QUESTIONS?
AND THEY&apos;RE VERY EASY.
YES.
YES OR NO QUESTIONS?
YOU CAN SEE THE SUMMARY DOWN
YES.
HERE AND NOW LIKE I SAID, WE&apos;VE
YOU CAN SEE THE SUMMARY DOWN
RECENTLY UPGRADED US TO YOU
HERE AND NOW LIKE I SAID, WE&apos;VE
KNOW, TO BE ABLE TO UPLOAD
RECENTLY UPGRADED US TO YOU
PICTURES AND THERE&apos;S FIVE
KNOW, TO BE ABLE TO UPLOAD
QUESTIONS AND THERE THERE WAS A
PICTURES AND THERE&apos;S FIVE
LOT OF RESEARCH DONE INTO THOSE
QUESTIONS AND THERE THERE WAS A
QUESTIONS.
LOT OF RESEARCH DONE INTO THOSE
THERE&apos;S TWENTY FOUR
QUESTIONS.
CONTRIBUTIONS OF THIS PEN SO
THERE&apos;S TWENTY FOUR
IT&apos;S ALL CROWDSOURCED
CONTRIBUTIONS OF THIS PEN SO
INFORMATION AND AND WE BELIEVE
IT&apos;S ALL CROWDSOURCED
THIS IS EXTREMELY HELPFUL IN
INFORMATION AND AND WE BELIEVE
BUILDING KIND OF A SUSTAINABLE
THIS IS EXTREMELY HELPFUL IN
SYSTEM AROUND COMMUNITY NEEDS
BUILDING KIND OF A SUSTAINABLE
AND TRANSPORTATION AND THEN YOU
SYSTEM AROUND COMMUNITY NEEDS
JUST REALLY HAVE YOUR PROFILE
AND TRANSPORTATION AND THEN YOU
HERE WHERE YOU CAN ADD A CREDIT
JUST REALLY HAVE YOUR PROFILE
CARD PASSENGER.
HERE WHERE YOU CAN ADD A CREDIT
SO IF I WAS A CAREGIVER I WOULD
CARD PASSENGER.
HAVE MAYBE I I DO IT FOR
SO IF I WAS A CAREGIVER I WOULD
MULTIPLE PEOPLE OR WHATEVER YOU
HAVE MAYBE I I DO IT FOR
CAN ADD SOMEONE TO THAT WE
MULTIPLE PEOPLE OR WHATEVER YOU
START TO GAME THE SYSTEM AND
CAN ADD SOMEONE TO THAT WE
REWARD PEOPLE FOR FOR DROPPING
START TO GAME THE SYSTEM AND
PINS AND TAGS AND LOCATIONS FOR
REWARD PEOPLE FOR FOR DROPPING
HOW MANY TRIPS THAT THEY DO.
PINS AND TAGS AND LOCATIONS FOR
YOU CAN EARN FREE RIDES, YOU
HOW MANY TRIPS THAT THEY DO.
CAN EARN CREDITS, LOCAL
YOU CAN EARN FREE RIDES, YOU
BUSINESSES FOR DISCOUNTS,
CAN EARN CREDITS, LOCAL
THINGS LIKE THAT.
BUSINESSES FOR DISCOUNTS,
SO THAT&apos;S REALLY AND I HAVE TO
THINGS LIKE THAT.
GO FAST BECAUSE I KNOW YOU GUYS
SO THAT&apos;S REALLY AND I HAVE TO
HAVE A BUSY SCHEDULE AND A
GO FAST BECAUSE I KNOW YOU GUYS
MEETING TODAY AND I DON&apos;T WANT
HAVE A BUSY SCHEDULE AND A
TO TAKE UP TOO MUCH OF YOUR
MEETING TODAY AND I DON&apos;T WANT
TIME BUT I FEEL LIKE HAVING YOU
TO TAKE UP TOO MUCH OF YOUR
GUYS ON THE LINE HERE
TIME BUT I FEEL LIKE HAVING YOU
INTRODUCING OURSELVES.
GUYS ON THE LINE HERE
I HAD A CALL WITH ALEX AND HE
INTRODUCING OURSELVES.
SEEMED EXTREMELY RECEPTIVE TO
I HAD A CALL WITH ALEX AND HE
THE SERVICES THAT WE&apos;RE GOING
SEEMED EXTREMELY RECEPTIVE TO
TO AIM TO OFFER AND TO SUPPORT
THE SERVICES THAT WE&apos;RE GOING
US IN ANY WAY AND REALLY THAT
TO AIM TO OFFER AND TO SUPPORT
WAS MY PURPOSE HERE TODAY WAS
US IN ANY WAY AND REALLY THAT
TO REALLY SAY HELLO, INTRODUCE
WAS MY PURPOSE HERE TODAY WAS
OURSELVES AND SEE IF THERE&apos;S
TO REALLY SAY HELLO, INTRODUCE
ANYTHING THAT WE CAN DO FOR
OURSELVES AND SEE IF THERE&apos;S
YOUR ORGANIZATIONS, FOR YOUR
ANYTHING THAT WE CAN DO FOR
COMMUNITIES, IF THERE&apos;S ANY
YOUR ORGANIZATIONS, FOR YOUR
INTRODUCTIONS YOU THINK MIGHT
COMMUNITIES, IF THERE&apos;S ANY
BE BENEFICIAL TO THOSE PEOPLE
INTRODUCTIONS YOU THINK MIGHT
AND I&apos;D BE HAPPY TO TAKE THOSE
BE BENEFICIAL TO THOSE PEOPLE
AND FOLLOW UP WITH THEM AND
AND I&apos;D BE HAPPY TO TAKE THOSE
INTRODUCE MYSELF FURTHER SO I
AND FOLLOW UP WITH THEM AND
MEAN IF THERE&apos;S ANY QUESTIONS,
INTRODUCE MYSELF FURTHER SO I
I&apos;M HAPPY TO TAKE THEM AGAIN.
MEAN IF THERE&apos;S ANY QUESTIONS,
THIS IS REALLY A WAVE AND MOVE
I&apos;M HAPPY TO TAKE THEM AGAIN.
.
THIS IS REALLY A WAVE AND MOVE
IT&apos;S A PARTNERSHIP SO I WANT TO
.
MAKE SURE THAT&apos;S FRONT WAVE
IT&apos;S A PARTNERSHIP SO I WANT TO
BUSSES ARE IS OUR MAIN CLIENT.
MAKE SURE THAT&apos;S FRONT WAVE
WE REALLY WANT TO HELP THEIR
BUSSES ARE IS OUR MAIN CLIENT.
OPERATIONS, HELP THEM TO GET
WE REALLY WANT TO HELP THEIR
BETTER AND GIVE A GREAT
OPERATIONS, HELP THEM TO GET
EXPERIENCE AND THEN FROM THERE
BETTER AND GIVE A GREAT
WE WANT TO SUPPORT THEM IF IT
EXPERIENCE AND THEN FROM THERE
MEANS OFF
OURS.
RIGHT HALE TWENTY FOUR HOURS A
DAY WE&apos;LL SEE WHAT THE DEMAND
IS WHERE WE NEED TO BE AND
WE&apos;LL CONTINUE TO BUILD TOWARDS
THAT.
SO I APPRECIATE YOUR TIME AND
IF THERE&apos;S ANY QUESTIONS,
PLEASE FIRE AWAY.
&gt;&gt; SO WHERE ARE YOU OFFERING
THE SERVICE IN WASHTENAW
COUNTY.
I KNOW FIGURE THAT YOU&apos;RE
PARTNERING WITH WAVE.
IT&apos;S PROBABLY LIKE THE WESTERN
END OF THE COUNTY AND I&apos;M JUST
WONDERING ARE YOU LINKING UP
WITH THERE LIKE SERVICE THAT
GOES DEXTRA CHELSEA ANN ARBOR
OR ARE YOU PROVIDING RIDES TO
ANN ARBOR OR LIKE WHAT EXACTLY
KIND OF SERVICE YOU&apos;RE GOING TO
BE PROVIDING FOR WAVE.
&gt;&gt; SO GREAT QUESTION.
IT&apos;S SOMETHING THAT WE&apos;RE
OBVIOUSLY NOT SURE OF YET
BECAUSE WE HAVEN&apos;T LAUNCHED BUT
THE PLAN IS REALLY TO TO START
IN IN CHELSEA, CHELSEA DEXTER
THE MAIN AREAS THAT WE&apos;VE BUS
SERVICES AND THEN TO REALLY
EXPAND OUT FROM THERE.
SO WAVE WILL BE ABLE TO
WHEREVER THEY RUN THAT SERVICE
WILL BE AVAILABLE AND THEN OUR
OUR JOB IS TO REALLY CREATE THE
DEMAND SO THAT WE CAN BE IN ANN
ARBOR AND ANY ANY OF THOSE
NEIGHBORING COMMUNITIES WHICH
IS WHY I&apos;M ON THE CALL TODAY TO
GAUGE SOME INTEREST, MAKE SOME
CONTACTS BECAUSE REALLY IT&apos;S
ABOUT BUILDING THE COMMUNITY
NOW WAVE IS OUR REASON TO BE
THERE AND REASON TO EXIST AND
NOW WE KIND OF BUILD FROM
THERE.
AND TO BE HONEST WITH YOU,
MOVE&apos;S GOAL IS TO BE ACROSS
MICHIGAN AND TO OFFER THESE
SERVICES RIGHT ACROSS MICHIGAN.
WE PREFER TO OR NOT PREFER BUT
WE BELIEVE THAT A LOT OF THE
ISSUES WE EXPERIENCE IN
TRANSPORTATION HAPPEN IN THE
RURAL AREAS AND THAT THE BIGGER
CITY CENTERS HAVE A GOOD AMOUNT
OF SERVICES THAT THEY&apos;RE YOU
KNOW, THERE&apos;S NOT A BIG GAP IN
SERVICES THERE.
BUT WE BELIEVE THAT BY STARTING
IN SOME OF THE SMALLER
COMMUNITIES ON THE OUTSIDE AND
THEN FEEDING THE BIGGER CITIES
THAT WAY, THAT THAT&apos;S HOW YOU
TRULY CREATE THOSE LINKUPS.
SO LARRY, IT&apos;S MY GOAL AND OUR
GOAL IS TO BE EVERYWHERE IN THE
IN THE COUNTY AND BEYOND.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, THAT&apos;S INTERESTING.
SO ARE YOU ESSENTIALLY GOING TO
BE BASICALLY OPERATING WAVES
DEMAND RESPONSE SERVICE?
IS THAT THE IDEA LIKE WELL WE
OFFER IT THROUGH THE TECHNOLOGY
SO THEY&apos;RE THERE.
THEY&apos;RE OPERATING THE SERVICE.
WE&apos;RE JUST USING THE TECHNOLOGY
WHAT THE TECHNOLOGY IS GOING TO
DO AND THEN WHAT WE&apos;RE GOING TO
BUILD UNDERNEATH THAT IS HOW TO
DO IT IN THE HOURS THAT WE&apos;VE
CAN&apos;T DO IT OR DOESN&apos;T DO IT.
SO A PEAK HOURS IN THERE AND
THERE&apos;S NOT A LOT AVAILABILITY
FOR THE BUSSES THERE THEN WE
CAN SUPPORT THAT MAINLY IT&apos;S
WHEN YOU KNOW THEY&apos;RE NOT
OPERATING IT&apos;S HOW WE BECAUSE
WE DON&apos;T WANT TO TAKE BUSINESS
AWAY FROM WAVE OR ANY OF THE
COMMUNITY TRANSPORTATION
OPERATIONS THAT HAPPEN.
WE WANT TO SUPPORT THEM, GIVE
THEM AS MUCH BUSINESS AS THEY
CAN TAKE AND THEN WHEREVER
THERE ARE GAPS WE LOOK TO FILL
THOSE GAPS.
&gt;&gt; INTERESTING.
I KIND OF LIKE WHAT YOU&apos;RE
DOING BECAUSE I KNOW LIKE A LOT
OF THESE AREAS LIKE I KNOW MY
PARENTS LIVE THAT KIND OF A
RURAL AREA OF WASHINGTON COUNTY
AND IN THOSE AREAS YOU&apos;RE NOT
ONLY NOT HAVE PUBLIC TRANSIT
EXCEPT FOR WHATEVER I MEAN
THERE ARE LIKE THE WAVE DEMAND
RESPONSE THINGS BUT TYPICALLY
YOU HAVE TO CALL A DAY IN
ADVANCE AND SCHEDULE A RIDE AND
THEY&apos;RE VERY LIMITED TIME,
THINGS LIKE THAT.
BUT THEY&apos;RE LIKE USUALLY IN
THOSE AREAS YOU DON&apos;T YOU CAN&apos;T
EVEN GET A NEWBOROUGH LEFT.
IT&apos;S JUST YEAH, I KIND OF LIKE
THE IDEA OF TRYING TO SERVICE
THOSE AREAS WITH SOMETHING LIKE
I&apos;M TRYING TO UNDERSTAND.
SO LET&apos;S SAY THE WAY YOU
OPERATES BETWEEN NINE A.M. AND
TWO THAT&apos;S NOT CORRECT.
BUT LET&apos;S JUST SAY THAT&apos;S THE
ASSUMPTION.
RIGHT.
SO YOU&apos;RE SAYING YOU&apos;RE GOING
TO PROVIDE SUPPORT ON OFF PEAK
HOURS.
DO YOU HAVE VEHICLES?
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR OTHER
TRANSPORTATION AGENCIES TO FILL
THOSE NEEDS IN THOSE GAPS?
I DON&apos;T QUITE UNDERSTAND AND
OTHER WAS HOW LONG HAS YOUR
COMPANY BEEN AROUND?
&gt;&gt; OK, GREAT.
SO THE FIRST QUESTION IS YES,
SO WE ARE TRYING TO WE DON&apos;T
VEHICLES WE DON&apos;T WE DON&apos;T WANT
TO BE A PROVIDER THAT OFFERS
VEHICLES IN THAT SENSE WE
REALLY WANT TO BE THE
FACILITATOR OF ALL THE PEOPLE
ALREADY IN THE COMMUNITY
OFFERING VALUABLE SERVICES AND
WE DON&apos;T WANT TO TAKE ANYTHING
AWAY FROM THAT.
SO ALL RIGHT.
OUR HOPE IS THAT EVERYBODY WILL
BE ABLE TO JUMP ON THE APP IN
SOME FORM, SOME CAPACITY WE GET
ON A RIGHT HERE RIGHT.
HALE RIDE SHARE.
SO LET&apos;S SAY TAXI PROVIDERS CAN
ALSO DOWNLOAD THE APP AND IF
SOMEBODY DOESN&apos;T WANT TO WAIT
FOR THE BUS OR HAS HAS A NEED
JUST TO GO STRAIGHT TO THIS
PLACE AND STRAIGHT HOME AND IT
DOESN&apos;T MIND A DIFFERENT FARE
FROM THE BUS FARE THEN THEY CAN
CALL THAT ON DEMAND WHERE THE
FARES WILL BE ON BOARD IT AS WE
ONBOARD PROVIDERS.
SO I USED TO RIDE YOUR WAY AS
AN EXAMPLE THOMAS AS PART
OF OUR MOVE TEAM BUT HE ALSO
HAS FOUR VEHICLES THAT HE
OPERATES IN GRAND RAPIDS AND
HE&apos;S GOING TO COME UP TO YOUR
AREA AND STARTS SUBSIDIZING OR
START ROLLING A VEHICLE AROUND
TRYING TO PICK UP SOME OF THOSE
THOSE GAPS IN THE MARKETPLACE
AND THEN AS WE CREATE DEMAND
THEN YOU START TO UNDERSTAND
HOW MANY VEHICLES DO YOU THINK
YOU NEED TO TO BE REALLY GOOD
AT IT?
SO IT&apos;S NOT THERE&apos;S NO REALLY
EXACT SCIENCE TO IT.
NO ONE&apos;S REALLY DONE BEFORE.
BUT WHAT WE&apos;RE TRYING TO BUILD
IS REALLY PHASED IN.
PHASE ONE IS GOING TO BE AN
EXTENSION OF WAVES HOURS IN THE
MORNING AND THEN THE EVENING
PHASE TWO WE&apos;RE GOING TO
UNDERPIN THEIR SERVICES WITH
WITH A DIFFERENT TYPE NETWORK
AND ON DEMAND NETWORK.
AND THEN PHASE THREE IS WE HOPE
TO EXPAND AND REALLY GET INTO
NEW AREAS AND ONBOARDING NEW
PROVIDERS AND NEW COMMUNITY
TRANSPORTATION CENTERS, THINGS
LIKE THAT.
AND THEN WE&apos;VE BEEN AT THIS
SINCE TWENTY SEVENTEEN BUILDING
THE TECH AND WE&apos;VE REALLY BEEN
OPERATING AT PROBABLY TOUGH
TIMING BUT RIGHT WHEN THIS
STARTED IS WHEN WE STARTED TO
COMMERCIALIZE.
SO IT&apos;S BEEN A LOT OF HURRY UP
AND WAIT BUT WE HAVE DONE SOME
PROJECTS IN MONTREAL HERE AND
I&apos;M BASED IN TORONTO CANADA BY
THE WAY AND OUR COMPANY&apos;S
CANADIAN COMPANY.
BUT WE&apos;VE DONE SOME PROJECTS IN
THE US AND IN CANADA AND
THEY&apos;VE PROVEN TO BE VERY
SUCCESSFUL SO FAR SO THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
I HAD MY HEAD UP.
HOW MUCH IS IT GOING COST?
THAT&apos;S WHAT EVERYBODY THOUGHT
ABOUT HOW MUCH IS IT GOING TO
COST?
GIVE THEM A FLAT OR GET A HOW
MUCH IS IT GOING TO COST AND
HOW FAR WILL YOU GO?
YEAH WELL I MEAN THIS IS GOING
TO BE PART OF WHEN WE WHEN WE
JUMP IN WITH THE COMMUNITY AND
HAVE THESE TYPE OF MEETINGS,
IT&apos;S JUST TO TRY AND SET THIS
UP AND THEN AND UNDERSTAND
WHERE THAT THRESHOLD IS AND
WHAT IT&apos;S GOING TO BE LIKE.
SO THOMAS AS AS HIS COMPANY AND
HE HAS A RATE THAT HE&apos;S CHARGES
.
SO WE&apos;RE GOING TO KIND OF START
WITH WITH THAT RATE AS WHATEVER
IT MIGHT BE A PER MILE RATE OR
A FLAT FEE IN THE ZONES.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO RECREATE IT FOR
THIS OPPORTUNITY AND THEN WE&apos;RE
GOING TO FOCUS GROUP IT IN A
SENSE TO SEE WHERE THAT THAT
POINT IS.
AND THEN WE&apos;RE ALSO GOING TO GO
OUT AND TRY AND FIND BUSINESSES
TO SPONSOR AND OFFER THEM VALUE
BACK AND THEN SUBSIDIZE RIDES
THE SAME WAY I GUESS HAMDARD
SUBSIDIZES RIDES THROUGH THAT
COMMUNITY ECOSYSTEM THAT WE&apos;RE
TRYING TO BUILD.
SO IT&apos;S A TOUGH QUESTION TO
ANSWER NOW, LARRY.
BUT OBVIOUSLY OUR GOAL ISO
REALLY MAKE IT LIKE A BUS FARE
AS CLOSE AS WE CAN BUT THAT&apos;S
GOING TO TAKE SOME TIME TO
BUILD AND HAVE REASONS AND
PARTNERSHIPS TO BE ABLE TO DO
THOSE TYPE OF THINGS.
&gt;&gt; SO I CAN&apos;T PROMISE THAT.
BUT THAT&apos;S OUR GOAL
.
ANYONE ELSE
?
WELL, THANK YOU VERY MUCH, MR.
FITZPATRICK.
YOUR PRESENTATION WAS VERY GOOD
.
THANK YOU.
I THINK WE SHOULD MOVE ON NOW
NEXT TO THE WASHTENAW COUNTY
FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY
HANDICAPPED.
BUT THIS IS KATIE MUTTAWAKIL.
&gt;&gt; SHE KNOWS ME.
HI EVERYBODY.
MUSKAN, I FORGOT TO CLOSE MY
WINDOW.
THERE&apos;S A BIG PLAYER I OH, THAT
DOESN&apos;T BOTHER ME.
&gt;&gt; I WAS WAITING FOR MY DOG TO
BARK.
YUP.
ALL RIGHT.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I WILL GET STARTED.
SO WE&apos;VE GOT A COUPLE OF EVENTS
COMING UP TO TELL YOU ABOUT AND
I&apos;M HAPPY TO SAY THAT ALL
OF THESE EVENTS THAT I&apos;M GOING
TO TELL YOU ABOUT IN PERSON SO
THAT&apos;S KIND OF COOL FOR US.
&gt;&gt; FIRST WE HAVE THE FULL MOON
AND FESTIVALS COMMUNITY
LUMINARY AND PUPPET WORKSHOP
THIS IS GOING TO BE SUNDAY,
MARCH 20TH AND TWENTY SEVEN
FROM 10 A.M. TO FOUR P.M. AND
IT&apos;S AT OUR BRAND NEW SPACE.
WE&apos;VE GOT A NEW WAREHOUSE AT
TWO SIX FIVE PARKLET PLAZA OVER
ON THE WEST SIDE AND SO WE WANT
YOU TO JOIN US ON THE REST
OF THE SUNDAYS IN MARCH FOR
FOOLISH FUN MAKING YOUR OWN
LUMINARIES FOR FULL MOON WHICH
IS HAPPENING APRIL 1ST.
THAT&apos;S A PARADE DOWNTOWN AND
THEN HELP US MAKE LARGE PUPPETS
TO GET READY FOR FESTIVALS
WHICH IS A PARADE DOWNTOWN
APRIL 3RD.
WE&apos;RE PROVIDING ALL OF THE
MATERIALS AND WE&apos;RE EXCITED TO
WELCOME LAVENIA PENACOOK AS
ARTIST IN RESIDENCE FOR THIS
YEAR&apos;S COMMUNITY WORKSHOPS.
THESE ARE HANDS ON WORKSHOPS
THERE FOR ALL AGES BUT CHILDREN
DO NEED ADULT ASSISTANCE FOR
THIS.
&gt;&gt; WE ALSO HAVE OUR EMERGING
WRITERS MONTHLY MEETUP THAT&apos;S
GOING TO BE ON MONDAY, MARCH
TWENTY FIRST FROM SIX THIRTY TO
SEVEN FORTY FIVE PM AND THAT IS
AT THE WESTGATE BRANCH
.
YOU TO COME WITH QUESTIONS
WORKS IN PROGRESS ARE EMPTY
NOTEBOOKS.
ALL WRITERS ARE WELCOME IN THIS
CASUAL SUPPORTIVE ENVIRONMENT.
&gt;&gt; AUTHORS BETHANY NEAL AND
ALEX CORVO WILL BE ON HAND TO
ANSWER QUESTIONS AND GIVE
ENCOURAGEMENT.
BETHANY AND ALEX WILL ALSO
PROVIDE PRIVATE ONE ON ONE
CRITIQUES IF YOU CHOOSE TO HAVE
THEM READ YOUR WORK AND SHARING
YOUR WRITING WITH OTHER
ATTENDEES IS NOT REQUIRED AND
COMPLETELY VOLUNTARY.
SO THIS EVENT IS PART OF THE
MONTHLY EMERGING WRITERS
WORKSHOPS WHICH OFFER SUPPORT,
LEARNING AND ADVICE FOR LOCAL
AUTHORS.
EACH MONTH THERE IS A WORKSHOP
AND A WRITERS MEETUP.
EMERGING WRITERS MEETUP IS AN
EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY TO MEET
YOUR FELLOW IN OUR WRITERS AND
GET FEEDBACK FROM PUBLISHED
AUTHORS.
WE WELCOME ALL WRITERS TO ASK
QUESTIONS, CONNECT WITH OTHER
WRITERS OR SIMPLY HAVE
DEDICATED TIME AND PLACE TO
WORK ON THEIR PROJECTS AND WE
ALSO HAVE HELLO MY NAME IS IT&apos;S
A NAME CHANGE CLINIC THAT&apos;S
GOING TO BE ON WEDNESDAY MARCH
30TH FROM FIVE THIRTY TO SEVEN
THIRTY PM DOWNTOWN ON THE
FOURTH FLOOR WE&apos;RE JOINING THE
GYM TOYE COMMUNITY CENTERS
OUTREACH AND THE OUTLAW&apos;S AT
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN FOR
A FREE CLINIC DEDICATED TO
ADDRESSING THE CHALLENGES
OF NAME CHANGES FOR TRANSGENDER
AND GENDER NONCONFORMING
PEOPLE.
THEY WILL PROVIDE DETAILS ON
HOW TO LEGALLY CHANGE YOUR NAME
AND GENDER MARKER IN THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN.
INFORMATION HOW TO UPDATE YOUR
SOCIAL SECURITY PASSPORT
DRIVER&apos;S LICENSE AND BIRTH
CERTIFICATE WILL ALSO BE
AVAILABLE LEGAL VOLUNTEERS WILL
BE ON SITE AFTER THE
PRESENTATION TO ANSWER
QUESTIONS AND ASSIST FORMS OR
AS FAR AS MATERIALS GO AS
ALWAYS WATCHING LIBRARY FOR THE
BLIND AND PRINT DISABLED
PATRONS CAN ORDER A DIGITAL
CARTRIDGES BY CALLING SEVEN
THREE FOUR THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR
TWO TWO FOUR OR EMAILING US AT
PD DOT ORG PLEASE AS ALWAYS TO
SIGN UP FOR THE BRAILLE AND
AUDIO READINGS DOWNLOAD SERVICE
BAADE TO DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN
BOOKS AND ELSE BARD DOT GOV OR
JUST CALL US AND WE CAN ASSIST
WITH THE APPLICATION JUST A
COUPLE OF BOOKS THAT HAVE
RECENTLY BEEN ADDED TO BARD
UNWINDING ANXIETY NEW SCIENCE
SHOWS HOW TO BREAK THE CYCLES
OF WORRY AND FEAR TO HEAL YOUR
MIND BY JUDSON BREWER.
A PSYCHIATRIST DRAWS ON HIS
RESEARCH IN ADDICTION AND BAD
HABITS TO SUGGEST WAYS TO DEAL
WITH ANXIETY BECAUSE ANXIETY
LIVES IN A PART OF THE BRAIN
THAT RESISTS RATIONAL THOUGHT.
IT CAN BE HARD TO BREAK OUT
OF ANXIETY HABIT LOOP&apos;S THE
AUTHOR GIVES ADVICE ON
DISCOVERING TRIGGERS AND
DIFFUSING THEM AND FINALLY
DEMYSTIFYING DISABILITY WHAT TO
KNOW, WHAT TO SAY AND HOW TO BE
AN ALLY BY EMILY LETTOW
HANDBOOK WITH GUIDELINES AND
DIRECTION ON HOW TO BE AN ALLY
TO DISABLED PEOPLE WITH
ACTIONABLE STEPS FOR WHAT TO
SAY, WHAT TO DO AND HOW TO
INFLUENCE SPACES TO BE MORE
INCLUSIVE.
TOPICS INCLUDE RECOGNIZING AND
AVOIDING ABLEISM DISABILITY
ETIQUETTE, PRACTICING
ACCESSIBILITY AND COUNTERING
DISABILITY STEREOTYPES.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THAT&apos;S IT FOR ME TODAY.
&gt;&gt; DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS?
ALL RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; WELL MAYBE IF YOU NEED
SOMEBODY TO HOWL AT THE MOON
I&apos;LL DO IT.
I&apos;LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THAT.
OK, THANKS VERY MUCH FOR HAVING
ME
.
WELL, ALEX, IT&apos;S YOUR TURN THE
CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING.
&gt;&gt; WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING DOWN
THERE?
THANKS, LARRY.
ACTUALLY I&apos;M GOING TO INTRODUCE
ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES AT THE CIA
,JOYCE BLAIR.
I&apos;VE ASKED JOYCE TO START DOING
THE CIA UPDATES DURING OUR
MEETINGS SO THAT I CAN FOCUS ON
OUR MEETING.
SO I&apos;D LIKE TO INTRODUCE JOYCE
BLAIR.
SHE&apos;S BEEN WITH THE CIA FOR A
LITTLE WHILE NOW DOING A WHOLE
VARIETY OF DIFFERENT DIFFERENT
PROJECTS AND I&apos;M REALLY HAPPY
THAT SHE WAS WILLING TO TAKE
THIS ON FOR ME.
SO JOYCE, TAKE IT AWAY.
&gt;&gt; OK, THANK YOU, ALEX AND
THANK YOU COMMISSIONERS.
I WANT TO TELL YOU GUYS ABOUT
SOMETHING EXCITING.
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S GOING TO HAPPEN NEXT
MONTH AT THE CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING.
THERE WILL BE A VIRTUAL MOVIE
CLUB.
IT WILL BE NOTHING ABOUT
WITHOUT US AND THAT&apos;S THE THEME
.
SO IT&apos;LL BE A VIRTUAL MOVIE
CALLED ALL OF THE RESOURCES
THAT I&apos;M GOING TO TELL YOU
ABOUT ARE AVAILABLE ON OUR
WEBSITE AT AND RCL BIG AND SO
TODAY AT SIX THIRTY THERE IS A
DANCE ABILITY ON ZOM DANCE
ABILITY CAN BE HIGH ENERGY OR
SLOW AND GENTLE COME AS YOU ARE
TO CREATE DANCE AND A DIVERSE
COMMUNITY CLASSES FOR PEOPLE
WITH AND WITHOUT DISABILITIES,
WITH AND WITHOUT FORMAL DANCE
TRAINING AND NEWCOMERS ARE
WELCOME THROUGH THE REST OF THE
PROBABLY SUMMER FOR THIS
SESSION.
&gt;&gt; YOU HAVE THEM ADAPTIVE
SPORTS AND FITNESS PARTNERS
WITH THE CIA AND OFFERING
WHEELCHAIR BASKETBALL.
TODAY MARCH 16TH SIX THIRTY TO
EIGHT THIRTY PM THERE&apos;S ALSO A
TRACK AND FIELD HAVE THEM
ADAPTIVE SPORTS AND FITNESS
TODAY SEVEN THIRTY TO NINE
THIRTY PM AND AGAIN THESE LINKS
ARE ON OUR WEBSITE AND PEOPLE
THAT ARE GOING TO PARTICIPATE
MUST REGISTER THOSE THAT
PARTICIPATION IS FREE OF COST.
ON MARCH 17TH THURSDAY THERE IS
A VIRTUAL ART OPEN STUDIO FROM
ONE O&apos;CLOCK TO TWO THIRTY PM AT
THIS TIME IT IS VIRTUAL.
&gt;&gt; WE&apos;RE HOPING TO OPEN TO THE
PUBLIC SOON AND ON MARCH 17TH
AS WELL THERE IS A MOVIE CLUB
FOUR O&apos;CLOCK TO FIVE O&apos;CLOCK PM
THE CONTACT PEOPLE FOR ALL
OF THESE EVENTS ARE LISTED ON
OUR WEB PAGE AT ANN ARBOR
SILKEBORG ON MARCH 17TH AS WELL
TRACK AND FIELD WILL BE WITH
YOU OF THEM ADAPT SPORTS SEVEN
THIRTY TO NINE THIRTY PM AND
AGAIN 8:00 TO 10:00 PM THERE&apos;S
WHEELCHAIR TENNIS MARCH 18TH
DEFENSIBILITY ON ZOOME AND MANY
MORE YOU HAVE ADAPTIVE SPORTS
EVENTS SO I WOULD LIKE TO GO TO
NEXT WEEK ON THE TWENTY FIRST
THERE IS A MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS
SUPPORT GROUP FROM SEVEN
O&apos;CLOCK TO EIGHT THIRTY PM.
THIS IS ALSO A VIRTUAL MEETING
AND ACCESSIBLE ON THE TWENTY
SECOND TRIVIA TUESDAY THERE&apos;S A
GET SILLY GET GOOFY MOST OF ALL
PUT ON YOUR THINKING CAP
MEETING FROM ONE THIRTY TO TO
THIRTY PM AND AGAIN THERE IS
VIRTUAL ART ON THE TWENTY
SECOND THOSE ARE GUIDED
SESSIONS WHERE THEY&apos;LL BE
PAINTING FROM THREE TO FOUR
THIRTY PM AND TASTY TUESDAYS
MARCH TWENTY SECOND FOUR
O&apos;CLOCK TO FIVE THIRTY PM JOIN
US FROM THE COMFORT OF YOUR
HOME AND ZONE TO SHARPEN YOUR
COOKING AND BAKING SKILLS LEARN
NEWS RECIPES AND HAVE SOME FUN
AFTER YOU REGISTER YOUR
RECEIVING INGREDIENT AND SUPPLY
LIST TOGETHER BEFORE EACH CLASS
.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YOU MUST BE
ACCOMPANIED BY AN ADULT.
THAT&apos;S TUESDAYS FOUR TO FIVE
THIRTY PM MARCH MADNESS
BASKETBALL WATCH PARTY ON MARCH
TWENTY SECOND FIVE O&apos;CLOCK TO
SIX THIRTY YOU CAN JOIN THE CIA
ON ZOOME TO WATCH HIGHLIGHTS
FROM THIS YEAR&apos;S BIG TEN
BASKETBALL SEASON PLAY SOME
TRIVIA AND CATCH PART OF A GAME
TOGETHER.
WE&apos;LL HAVE FUN AND TALK ABOUT
FESTIVE BASKETBALL SEASON.
LET&apos;S AND FOR THE REST OF THE
MONTH THERE ARE SOME OTHER ART
STUDIO CLASSES AVAILABLE
VIRTUALLY EVERY SECOND TUESDAY
OF THE MONTH THE ANNIVERSARY
FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING HOLDS A
SPINAL CORD INJURY OR A SUPPORT
GROUP PEER SUPPORT GROUP.
IT IS A VERY LIVELY GROUP
OF PEOPLE THAT PARTICIPATE HAVE
ENCOURAGED OR REQUIRED A SPINAL
CORD INJURY AND SUPPORT ONE
ANOTHER AND TALK ABOUT CURRENT
HAPPENINGS AND ACCESSIBILITY.
THERE&apos;S ALSO A ADVOCACY GROUP
CALLED THE DISABILITY COMMUNITY
ADVOCACY LAB. THAT INFORMATION
IS AVAILABLE ON OUR WEBSITE AS
WELL.
SOME OF THE CURRENT ISSUES IN
MICHIGAN ARE MEETING ACCESSIBLE
AND THE OPEN MEETINGS ACT WHICH
IS ZERO EIGHT TO FOUR IN THE
MICHIGAN SENATE RIGHT NOW AND
THAT IS LEGISLATION TO IMPROVE
ACCESS FOR PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES SO THAT WE CAN
CONTINUE HAVING VIRTUAL AND
VIRTUAL MEETINGS AND AS ANYONE
KNOWS WE CAN THE SERVICES WE
PROVIDE THE BASIC SERVICES WE
PROVIDED TO OUR INFORMATION AND
REFERRAL AND A VARIETY
OF TOPICS TO SUPPORT
INDEPENDENT LIVING SKILLS,
MONEY MANAGEMENT, ET CETERA,
YOUTH TRANSITIONS ARE
TRANSITIONING FROM YOUTH TO
ADULTHOOD AND THE PROCESSES
THAT GO INTO THAT ASSISTANCE
WITH APPLYING FOR SOCIAL
SECURITY PROGRAMS,
TRANSITIONING FROM NURSING
FACILITIES TO COMMUNITY LIVING
AND ALL THE PROCESSES THAT GO
WITH THAT EMPLOYMENT SUPPORTS
AND BENEFITS COUNSELING FOR
PEOPLE THAT DRAW SSI OR NEED
SOFT SKILLS TRAINING FOR
EMPLOYMENT AND THEN WE HAVE OUR
AND RECREATION PROGRAMING.
&gt;&gt; SO MAINLY WE ADVOCATE FOR
ACCESSIBILITY AND ADAPTABILITY
AND ALL THAT WE DO SO THAT
EVERYONE IS INCLUDED IN OUR
SOCIETY AND THANKS FOR HAVING
ME TODAY.
&gt;&gt; THANKS JOYCE.
A LOT GOING ON AT FOR LIVING
DOES IT DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS?
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; OH GOD THAT WE DID WE EVER
GET A CALL FROM DENISE?
YES WE DO.
COMMISSIONER HOPKINS IS HERE
AND COUNCIL MEMBER NELSON IS
HERE.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M SORRY I&apos;M LATE.
OK, TODAY.
SO WE HAVE ON THE AGENDA THE
NEXT ITEM IS THE ECONOMY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE AND RACHEL
IS ASKED TO BE I SAID SHE&apos;S
HERE.
SHE&apos;S ASKED TO BE PUT UNDER OUR
REPORT SO YOU WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO GIVE THAT REPORT?
DO YOU HAVE A REPORT TO GIVE ON
THAT, RACHEL OR WOULD YOU JUST
RATHER MOVE ON TO THE NEXT ONE?
I LET ALEX DO HIS THING IN
TERMS OF THIS MONTH I THINK WE
WERE KEEPING IT SEPARATE SINCE
THE SCHEDULE HAD ALREADY GONE
OUT AND WE HAD TALKED TO DENISE
.
BUT JUST TO DISCUSS MORE WITH
THE COMMISSION.
SO PART OF I&apos;VE BEEN MEETING A
LOT WITH ALEX AND LARRY AND
THERE&apos;S A LOT OF CROSSOVER
BETWEEN COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
PARTNERS AND ACCESS AND I THINK
WE&apos;VE KIND OF REALIZED THAT
THERE&apos;S A LOT OF GOOD WORK THAT
WE COULD DO TOGETHER.
SO WE&apos;RE TRYING TO SEE WAYS
THAT WE CAN WORK TOGETHER AS A
GROUP AND SO GOING FORWARD
WE&apos;RE GOING TO HAVE LIKE OUR
REPORTS TOGETHER.
SO IN TERMS OF THE MARCH SHOW
FOR ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE THEY&apos;RE
TALKING TO MULTIDISCIPLINARY
COLLABORATIVE COURSE ON U.D.
UNIVERSITY OF DETROIT MERCY
CARING NURSING STUDENTS AND
ENGINEERING STUDENTS WITH
PHYSICAL DISABILITIES WORKING
TO BUILD MEDICALLY SAFE DEVICES
TO IMPROVE THE QUALITY
OF PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES SO
THAT THEY ARE STILL RECORDING.
I DON&apos;T HAVE A DATE WHEN IT
WILL BE COMING OUT IN MARCH YET
THEY&apos;RE STILL BRAINSTORMING
IDEAS OF FUTURE GUESTS.
IF YOU HAVE IDEAS OF PEOPLE
YOU&apos;D LIKE TO SEE ON THE VERY
INCLUSIVE SHOW, PLEASE REACH
OUT TO US AND THAT YOU CAN IF
YOU DO HAVE QUESTIONS YOU CAN
REACH TO MELISSA BONDIE AT TWO
FOUR EIGHT FIVE ZERO FIVE TWO
ZERO FOUR SIX OR LINDA EVANS
SEVEN THREE FOUR TO SEVEN SIX
TO SEVEN SIX SEVEN.
THANK YOU RACHEL.
I WONDER IF YOU WERE DRAWN I
WONDER IF PETER DERONDA WHO WAS
JUST ON EARLIER IT WOULD BE A
GOOD GUEST FOR FOR THE TV SHOW
I THINK THAT&apos;S A GREAT IDEA.
I&apos;LL I&apos;LL SEND AN EMAIL TO
MELISSA IN THE CONTEXT OF OUR
PRESENTATION TODAY AND ASK HER
TO REACH OUT TO THEM ESPECIALLY
IF THEY&apos;RE STILL LOOKING FOR
FUTURE GUESTS
.
&gt;&gt; WELL, GUYS, WITH YOUR
PERMISSION BEFORE WE GET TO
ALEX AND THE CIA REPORT, I&apos;D
LIKE TO GO BACK AND VOTE OUR
FEBRUARY MINUTES AND OUR AGENDA
FOR THIS MONTH.
SO I WOULD I WOULD APPRECIATE A
MOTION TO VOTE ON THE MEETING
IS MINUTES FROM LAST MONTH TO
VOTE APPROVING THEM SO MOVED
WITH BESANCON 2ND.
ALL I HAVE AS EVERYBODY HAD A
CHANCE TO LOOK AT THEM FIRST.
YES, IF THERE&apos;S NO DISCUSSION
AT ALL I&apos;LL CALL IT ALL IN
FAVOR OF ACCEPTING THE MINUTES
FROM FEBRUARY MEETING SIGNIFY
BY SAYING I ARE RAISING YOUR
HAND.
I OPPOSED MOTION CARRIED OUT
FOR THE AGENDA FOR THIS MONTH.
GUESS WE NEED SOMETHING TO MOVE
THAT WE ACCEPT THAT AS WELL.
LARRY, IT&apos;S KATHLEEN.
GO AHEAD.
I DIDN&apos;T HEAR VERY WELL
KATHLEEN.
&gt;&gt; OH, I WAS SAYING THAT I
WOULD NEED TO APPROVE THE
AGENDA AS SUBMITTED.
&gt;&gt; OK, I CAN SECOND NO
DISCUSSION ALL IN FAVOR
OF ACCEPTING THE ARTS AGENDA
SIGNIFY BY RAISING YOUR HANDS
SAYING I I OPPOSED OK THAT ONE
CARRIED TO SO NOW WE HAVE NOW
WE HAVE PARTNERS AT ACCESS AND
WE HAVE OUR COMMISSIONER
COMMISSIONER ALEX GOSSAGE DOING
THAT.
AND ALEX I DID YOU DID ATTEND
THAT SNOW REMOVAL MEETING AS
WELL.
&gt;&gt; YEAH WE TALKED ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE ZACK DIDN&apos;T QUITE TELL
ME WHAT WAS GOING ON THERE TO
ATTEND THAT I&apos;D ASKED YOU IF TO
PUT THAT INSTEAD OF PUT THAT
SEPARATELY UNDER THE CHAIR
REPORT.
&gt;&gt; I FIGURE I&apos;D PUT IT IN WE&apos;RE
RIGHT HERE SO GO FOR IT.
&gt;&gt; SURE.
SO THE FIRST MEETING WAS WAS A
LARGER I DON&apos;T KNOW IT WAS A
LARGER MEETING THIS SUPPOSE A
SEPARATE MEETING FROM OUR
NORMALLY SCHEDULED MEETING WE
HELD COUNCIL MEMBER NELSON WAS
THERE COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA ZACK
MYSELF AND IESHA FROM DETROIT
DISABILITY POWER THERE HAD BEEN
A CONCERN RAISED WITH A
COMMUNITY MEMBER WHO WAS HAVING
DIFFICULTY WITH SHOVELING THEIR
DRIVEWAYS AND THEIR SIDEWALKS
AND IN A ROUNDABOUT WAY IT
ENDED UP BEING A BIG PROBLEM
FOR THEM.
THEY GOT TICKETED, KIND OF GOT
RUN AROUND THROUGH A LOT
OF DIFFERENT SYSTEMS AT THE
CITY AND IT RAISED A COUPLE
OF DIFFERENT QUESTIONS, SOME
OF WHICH I THINK THIS GROUP AND
OTHER GROUPS HAVE TALKED ABOUT
FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS NOW WHICH
IS RELATED TO PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES AND PROVIDING
ASSISTANCE TO MAKING SURE THAT
THEIR SIDEWALKS ARE CLEARED IF
THEY ARE NOT ABLE TO DO THAT
THEMSELVES.
SO THAT WAS KIND OF PART OF THE
DISCUSSION THAT WE HAD AS A
GROUP.
THE OTHER PART OF THE
DISCUSSION OF THE GROUP WAS I
THINK AT LEAST ON A TANGENT OR
SOMEWHAT RELATED TO DISCUSSIONS
THAT WE HAVE HAD AS A GROUP
RELATED TO THE ADA COORDINATOR
IN THAT I THINK THAT GROUP IN
PARTICULAR THOUGHT THERE MIGHT
BE A BENEFIT TO HAVING ONE
INDIVIDUAL OR A NUMBER
OF INDIVIDUALS IN THE WITHIN
THE CITY ADMINISTRATION WHO
WERE BETTER EQUIPPED AT
INTERACTING AND WORKING WITH
AND SERVING PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES REGARDLESS OF WHAT
THE ISSUE IS.
SO THAT DOESN&apos;T NECESSARILY
HAVE TO BE A AN ISSUE ON CITY
PROPERTY COULD BE AN ISSUE ON
PRIVATE PROPERTY WHERE AN
INDIVIDUAL SUCH AS THIS PERSON
NEEDS ASSISTANCE.
I DON&apos;T HAVE A SPECIFIC UPDATE
SINCE WE HAD MET WHAT ARE WE
KIND OF LEFT THINGS?
WAS THAT THE DISCUSSION ONGOING
CITY COUNCIL CONTINUES TO KIND
OF LOOK AT SOME DIFFERENT
OPTIONS THERE AS WELL AS CITY
ADMINISTRATION I THINK IS ALSO
LOOKING AT SOME STUDIES TO SEE
WHAT THE VIABILITY OF DIFFERENT
KINDS OF PROGRAMS MIGHT BE.
THE OTHER PIECE IS I BELIEVE
BOTH COUNCIL MEMBER NELSON AND
HER TEAM NOW WE&apos;RE GOING TO BE
AT LEAST GOING BACK TO SOME
OF THEIR COLLEAGUES AND SOME
OF THE FOLKS IN THE
ADMINISTRATION TO TALK FURTHER
ABOUT THE IDEA OF THERE BEING
SOME SORT OF DISABILITY LIAISON
OR SOMETHING OF THAT NATURE
WITHIN THE COMMUNITY COUNCIL
MEMBER NELSON, DOES THAT SOUND
ABOUT RIGHT?
I DON&apos;T WANT TO PUT ANYTHING ON
YOU THAT WAS NO NO.
I HAD THAT SOUND RIGHT.
I MEAN THE CHALLENGE OF PEOPLE
FALLING THROUGH THE CRACKS IS A
CONVERSATION THAT THAT WAS THAT
WAS SORT OF THE CRUX OF IT AND
HAVING HAVING SOMEBODY TO
CONTACT AND THERE BEING A NEED
FOR THAT.
WE HAVE THERE ARE PARALLELS TO
OTHER THINGS WE ACKNOWLEDGED
PEOPLE WHO ARE FOR MEANS
REASONS CAN&apos;T COVER PROPERTY
TAXES OR WATER BILLS AND STUFF
LIKE THAT.
AND IT IT&apos;S A IT&apos;S A SIMILAR
CHALLENGE REMOVING SNOW.
IT&apos;S A SIMILAR BURDEN THAT WE
SHOULD WE SHOULD HAVE A REAL
CLEAR ROUTE.
THIS IS HOW YOU IDENTIFY THE
CITY THAT LIKE HEY, I&apos;M
SOMEBODY WHO NEEDS EXTRA HELP
WITH THIS.
&gt;&gt; AND SO WE DID TALK ABOUT
THAT AND THE QUESTION I THOUGHT
I HEARD LAST MONTH FROM THE
CITY ADMINISTRATOR DURING THE
ACADEMY SOME TALK ABOUT DTI
HAVING A POINT PERSON FOR THAT
WITHIN THE CITY.
WOULD THAT PERSON THEN TAKE
OVER THE ADA STUFF OR DID I
HEAR THAT INCORRECTLY
?
HAVE YOU HEARD ANYTHING ABOUT
WHY COUNCILMAN NELSON?
I HAVEN&apos;T I HAVEN&apos;T HEARD IT
RELATIVE TO THE ADA COORDINATOR
THAT I HAVE NOT HEARD MR.
NATIONIS SUGGEST THAT THAT WAS
SOMETHING THAT WAS ACTUALLY
ADDED TO.
&gt;&gt; NO, HE DID NOT SUGGEST IT.
BUT I IN MY HEAD I THOUGHT
GOSH, IT WOULD MAKE A GUY AND
ADA WOULD BE A PERFECT MARRIAGE
AND I I HAD MAGICAL CONTACT HIS
OFFICE AFTER THE MEETING AND I
JUST IT SLIPPED MY MIND UNTIL
IT JUST GOT MENTIONED HERE.
SO IF IF THAT&apos;S SOMETHING YOU
THINK MIGHT BE BENEFICIAL,
YOU&apos;RE MORE THAN WELCOME TO
PASS IT ON.
YEAH, THAT&apos;S ACTUALLY A GOOD
IDEA.
THAT&apos;S A SUPER GOOD IDEA.
I DON&apos;T KNOW.
&gt;&gt; I HADN&apos;T THOUGHT OF THAT.
THAT&apos;S REALLY GOOD.
&gt;&gt; IF THERE AREN&apos;T ANY
QUESTIONS ABOUT THAT PARTICULAR
MEETING OUR FOLLOW UP MEETING
WHICH WAS MORE OF OUR REGULARLY
SCHEDULED MEETING RACHEL AND
LARRY WERE BOTH THERE KIND
OF TALKED ABOUT THIS MEETING
THAT WE HAD HAD PREVIOUSLY AND
THEN ALSO TALKED A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
WITH THE COMMITTEE THAT RACHEL
CHAIRS AND HOW THAT&apos;S GOING TO
CONTINUE TO LOOK ONGOING.
AND THEN LASTLY, I WOULD I
WOULD PROBABLY JUST POINT OUT
WE WE CONTINUE TO HAVE SOME
DISCUSSION BUT WE&apos;RE WAITING TO
HEAR BACK ON THE SNOW REMOVAL
PIECE WHETHER IT&apos;S SNOW REMOVAL
OR ICE AS IT RELATES TO
TRANSPORTATION AND A RIDE AND
IN THOSE DRIVERS ABILITY TO
ASSIST INDIVIDUALS IN THAT.
WE ALSO JUST BRIEFLY DISCUSSED
THE AUDIBLE PEDESTRIAN SIGNALS
AND HOW THIS WOULD ALSO RELATE
BACK TO POSSIBLY HAVING THAT
THAT SORT OF LIAISON OR
SOMEBODY WE CAN CONTACT AND
THEY CAN LET US KNOW WHERE
THESE DIFFERENT PROJECTS ARE IN
PROCESS BECAUSE THAT&apos;S USUALLY
ONE OF THE THE BIG ISSUES IS
THAT SOMETIMES WE WE MAKE THESE
CALLS OR WE MAKE THESE REQUESTS
AND WE DON&apos;T KNOW IF THEY WERE
FOLLOWED UP ON WHEN THEY WERE
GOING TO BE FOLLOWED UP ON AND
SO ON AND SO FORTH.
&gt;&gt; SO MORE TO COME I THINK I
HOPE THAT&apos;S ALL I&apos;VE GOT FOR
TODAY, LARRY.
THE NEXT ONE&apos;S THE RECRUITING
COMMUNITY AND THAT WOULD BE
MINE AND WE ACTUALLY I ACTUALLY
GOT STARTED I&apos;M TRYING TO CHASE
DOWN SOME PEOPLE NOW BUT I GOT
I MET WITH THE ON TOOWOOMBA
NELSON THURSDAY FOR LASTRA AND
ABRAXAS DISCUSSED ALL THAT
LOOKED AT SOME OF THE
APPLICATIONS AND WE&apos;VE GOT FOUR
TO LOOK AT AND I SEE WE&apos;VE GOT
ANOTHER ONE THAT CAME IN LAST
WEEK ALTHOUGH RIGHT NOW BIZNESS
I&apos;M HAVING TROUBLE READING IT
IF MY PDF DON&apos;T WORK I MAY SEE
IF I CAN EITHER TALK WITH YOU
COUNCILMAN NELSON OR GET YOU
DENISE TO SEND ME ANOTHER HAPPY
THAT APPLICATION.
SO BECAUSE THE COMPUTER ISN&apos;T
READING MINE AND RIGHT NOW I&apos;M
NOT SURE IF IT&apos;S IF MY PDF WAS
ACTING FUNNY OR NOT BUT I&apos;LL
LET YOU KNOW TOMORROW, OK?
&gt;&gt; AND SO WE DO HAVE SOME
APPLICATIONS TO INVESTIGATE.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M HAPPY TO SAY THE NEXT I
GUESS I&apos;M DONE WITH THAT ONCE
THERE&apos;S ANY QUESTIONS
NO
QUESTIONS.
WELL THEN IT&apos;S TRANSPORTATION
COMMITTEE WITH MR. KEMEL
COMMISSIONER OVER THERE I YEAH.
SO LAST MONTH WE MET AND ONE
THING WE DISCUSSED IS THE
BYLAWS AND THE WE ARE MAKING IT
UPDATES SO THAT EVERY
COMMISSION THAT APPOINTS ARE UP
TO THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION LIKE INCLUDING US IN
THE EIGHT BOARD WILL BE ABLE TO
APPOINT ALTERNATE SO THAT WILL
NOT BE AN ISSUE GOING FORWARD
IF ONE PERSON WANTS TO DO IT
MAY NOT MAKE SOME MEETINGS THEY
CAN APPOINT ALTERNATE YOU WILL
HAVE TO VOTE ON THOSE EXPLICIT
ALTERNATES BEFORE DOING IT BUT
IT WILL BE POSSIBLE AND THEY
ALSO DISCUSSED SOME ISSUES WITH
LIKE THERE WAS A RESOLUTION
COUNCIL SENT THAT WAS LIKE ONE
WANTING YOU OF THEM TO BUILD
MORE HOUSING.
WE DECIDED NOT TO TAKE ACTION
ON THAT AND SO THE NEXT MEETING
WE HAVE WE&apos;RE GOING TO VOTE ON
THE BYLAW CHANGE.
HOPEFULLY WE CAN GET IT THROUGH
AND MAY HAVE TO GO THROUGH
COUNCIL FIRST.
I&apos;M NOT SURE BUT THEN YOU&apos;LL BE
ABLE TO HAVE THE ALTERNATES.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO HAVE
PRESENTATIONS BY THE VISION
ZERO IMPLEMENTATION COMMITTEES
STREET RESURFACING PROGRESS
PROCESS PROJECTS IN TRIPOLI TO
ACTUALLY IS GOING TO PRESENT ON
THERE TWENTY FORTY FIVE PLAN IN
THEIR VILLAGE PROPOSAL WHICH I
GUESS THE MILITARY PROPOSAL IN
CASE YOU JUST CAME OUT THERE&apos;S
A LOT GOING ON THERE BECAUSE
THEY WANT TO INCREASE THE
MILLAGE RATE QUITE A BIT THOUGH
THEY DO WANT TO ADD SERVICE AND
THEY ALSO MENTIONED PART
OF THAT IS ALSO A DEFICIT.
I EXPECT SOME OF THAT IS DUE TO
COVID BUT THERE MIGHT BE SOME
OTHER THINGS GOING ON BUT THEY
WANT TO PUT THAT BIG THAT NEW
MILLAGE UP FOR AUGUST THOUGH I
GUESS THERE COULD BE SOME
DISCUSSION SURROUNDING THAT AND
YEAH, I MEAN BECAUSE RIGHT NOW
SOME OF THE DETAILS AS TO THE
SERVICE EXPANSION AREN&apos;T
NECESSARILY CLEAR THAT THEY
WERE GOING TO DECIDE THOSE
LATER.
BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE THEY WANT TO
IMPROVE NIGHT AND WEEKEND
SERVICES A LARGE PART OF THE
INCREASE THAT BUT YEAH, I GUESS
THAT&apos;S GOING TO BE ON THERE AND
A COUPLE OTHER UPDATES.
&gt;&gt; SO THE ONE THING IS WE STILL
NEED A NEW PERSON TO REPLACE ME
ON THIS.
I&apos;M NOT GOING TO CONTINUE ON
THE COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES PAST MY MAY TERM
EXPIRATION.
I KNOW THIS TIME IS JUST KIND
OF HARD PARTICULARLY BECAUSE
IT&apos;S FOUR O&apos;CLOCK.
I MEAN I&apos;VE BEEN KIND
OF WORKING HALF DURING THIS
MEETING AND ALSO YEAH I GOT
THIS MEETING AT SEVEN O&apos;CLOCK
AND SO I DECIDED TO NOT SEEK
ANOTHER TERM AT THIS POINT AND
WE NEED SOMEONE TO TAKE THAT.
BUT I AM HERE TILL MAY AND
POSSIBLY I KNOW THERE ARE LIKE
THINGS WHERE YOU CAN HOLD OVER
IF THEY HAVEN&apos;T PUT SOMEONE
ELSE IN MY SEAT UNTIL LIKE JUNE
OR SOMETHING THOUGH AT THIS I
MEAN IF YOU NEED ME TO COME
BACK FOR THAT I COULD BUT AT
THIS POINT I DON&apos;T WANT TO DO
ANOTHER FOUR YEAR TERM
.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, THAT&apos;S UNDERSTOOD.
SO IS THERE ANYBODY DO WE HAVE
ANYBODY THAT IS INTERESTED IN
THAT IN GOING TO THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
REPRESENTING THEIR IN TIMOTHY
STUDY NOW?
LARRY, I JUST KATHLEEN I CANNOT
IT WOULD BE A CONFLICT
OF INTEREST FOR ME SO I JUST
WANT TO LET I&apos;M SORRY.
IT SOUNDS LIKE IT WOULD BE A
REALLY INTERESTING OPPORTUNITY
BUT YEAH, IT WOULD BE A
CONFLICT OF INTEREST OF THE
SAME I HAVE THE SAME THING I
HAVE IF I HAVE ANOTHER MEETING
AFTER THIS I WOULD BE ADMITTED
ALL DAY LONG.
YOU DESERVE TO EAT AND THEM AND
STUFF LIKE THAT MYSELF I WOULD
HAVE DONE IT AS WELL BUT IF
ENCOURAGE ANYBODY THAT&apos;S
INTERESTED TO PLEASE THINK
ABOUT CONTACT THEY&apos;LL CONTACT
ZACH AND CONTACT ANY OF THIS
YEAR.
BUT ZACH IS THAT ZACHARY TWO
ONES YOU COULD REALLY CONTACT
AND CONTACT TIMOTHY TOO.
SO HE CAN TELL YOU WHAT
RESPONSE TO EXPECT.
YEAH.
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW I MEAN IS THE
THING IF ANYONE&apos;S BEING HELD
BACK BY THE MEETING TIME SO I
CAN TOTALLY GET THAT BECAUSE
THAT&apos;S WHY I&apos;M GOING AWAY.
I MEAN I DON&apos;T KNOW IF IT MIGHT
BE WORTH DISCUSSING CHANGING
THE MEETING TIME OF THIS
MEETING OR SOMETHING.
I DON&apos;T I MEAN I DEFINITELY
WOULDN&apos;T WANT TO STAY I MEAN IF
YOU MADE IT EARLIER THAT WOULD
HELP A LITTLE.
BUT IT JUST STILL IT WOULD
ENCROACH ON WORK TIME EVEN MORE
AND I MEAN EVEN THOUGH THERE&apos;D
BE MORE SPACE BUT YEAH, I JUST
YEAH I COULD SEE WHY THAT MIGHT
BE A PROBLEM BUT BUT IF YOU
CAN&apos;T REALLY GET SOMEONE YOU
MAY WANT TO DISCUSS THAT
BECAUSE I GET PROBABLY PART
OF THE THING THAT MAKES IT
UNAPPEALING A PART OF WHY I&apos;M
KIND OF WANTING TO STEP AWAY
FROM THIS ALL IS JUST HAVING A
MEETING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
DAY AND THEN HAVING A MEETING
AT NIGHT AND IT&apos;S OH MY
.
&gt;&gt; SO I GUESS THAT&apos;S IT.
I&apos;D BE JUST WHICH ARE ALL YEAH
.
&gt;&gt; YEAH I&apos;M DONE.
QUESTION IS HOW HOW LONG ARE
THE MEETINGS IN GENERAL.
&gt;&gt; OH SEVEN O&apos;CLOCK MEETINGS
THEY&apos;RE USUALLY ABOUT TWO HOURS
.
&gt;&gt; OH OK WELL THAT&apos;S ALSO GOOD
NOW OK MOVING RIGHT ALONG WE
GOT THE COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS AND WE GOT
COMMISSIONER THAT GIVING THAT
REPORT.
GO AHEAD KATHLEEN IF YOU LIKE.
&gt;&gt; SORRY I COULDN&apos;T I WAS ON
ANOTHER SCREEN AND I COULDN&apos;T
MUTE SO WE MET
ABOUT THAT AND
THAT&apos;S MY ISSUE I GUESS WE MET
MARCH 8TH ON TUESDAY AND IT WAS
QUITE A LONG MEETING BUT IT WAS
FOCUSED MAINLY ON ENGAGING A
PRESENTATION BY ANGIE HALL AND
SHE IS THE DIRECTOR
OF ACCESSIBILITY AND DISABILITY
RESOURCES AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF TOLEDO.
AND SO SHE GAVE A VERY
INTERESTING AND LONG
PRESENTATION WITH REGARDS TO
THEIR INFRASTRUCTURE ON
DISABILITY SERVICES.
THEY HAVE ACTUALLY A DISABILITY
PROGRAM AND DISABILITY STUDIES
PROGRAM.
SO LIKE A WOMEN&apos;S STUDIES
DISABILITY STUDIES WHICH I
THOUGHT WAS QUITE FASCINATING,
I DON&apos;T BELIEVE WE HAVE
ANYTHING LIKE THAT AT THE
UNIVERSITY AND SO THAT WAS
PRETTY MUCH THE BULK OF THE
MEETING IF YOU WOULD LIKE.
IT&apos;S A TWO PAGE TWO PAGE REPORT
AND I CAN SEND IT TO YOUR NIECE
THAT SHE CAN FORWARD IT TO THE
REST OF YOU SO THAT YOU CAN
READ IT FOR YOURSELVES.
&gt;&gt; WE ALSO SEE YOU WE TALKED
ABOUT THE LOS ANGELES COMMUNITY
COLLEGE DISTRICT.
THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT
LITIGATING ACCOMMODATIONS.
I KNOW THAT THE ADA COMMUNITY
WAS QUITE CONCERNED THAT THEY
HAVE OPTED TO NOT CONTINUE TO
THE SUPREME COURT WHICH HAS
GIVEN EVERYBODY SORT OF A SIGH
OF RELIEF BECAUSE THAT COULD
REALLY HAVE MUCKED THINGS UP A
LITTLE.
WE ALSO TALKED ABOUT THE
DISABILITY DAY OF MOURNING
AVENG THAT WAS HELD AT THE
BEGINNING OF MARCH.
IT HAPPENS EVERY YEAR AND THIS
EVENT IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD A
CHANCE TO ATTEND, IT&apos;S A VERY
MOVING, PASSIONATE, WARM FALL
EVENT THAT THAT READS OUT THE
NAMES ALOUD A PERSONS FROM THE
YEAR PRIOR TO PERSONS WITH
DISABILITIES WHO WERE MURDERED
OR KILLED BY THEIR CAREGIVERS,
THEIR PARENTS FILICIDE AND SO
WE WE TRY TO FLIP THEY&apos;RE
TRYING TO FLIP THE SWITCH THE
SCRIPT A LITTLE BIT AND THAT BY
HONORING THOSE WHO HAVE
ACTUALLY DIED AND MOURNING
THEIR LOSS AND PUTTING A NAME
TO THEIR TO THEIR EXISTENCE
SORT OF TAKES AWAY THERE&apos;S A
DISTURBING TREND OF WHEN
SOMEONE WITH A DISABILITY IS
MURDERED OR INVOLVED IN A CRIME
WHERE THEIR LIFE IS TAKEN.
THERE&apos;S A LOT OF EMPATHY AND
FOCUS ON THE PERSON WHO
ACTUALLY COMMITTED THE CRIME.
SO FOR INSTANCE OF PARENTS
KILLED THEIR TWO YEAR OLD CHILD
BECAUSE THEY WERE TOO MUCH TO
DEAL WITH BECAUSE OF THEIR
DISABILITY, THEY WOULD SAY ALL
THOSE POOR PARENTS HAD TO
ENDURE SO MUCH NOT WHAT DID THE
PERSON WITH THE DISABILITIES
HAVE TO ENDURE.
THEY YOU KNOW WHAT I&apos;M SAYING?
SO THE DISABILITY DAY
OF MOURNING HAPPENS ONCE A YEAR
HAPPENED AGAIN NEXT YEAR AND
WHAT I KNOW ABOUT IT I WILL
MAKE SURE TO GET THE
INFORMATION TO YOU AGAIN.
IT&apos;S A VERY SOMBER BUT
IMPORTANT DAY IN OUR COMMUNITY
THAT THAT NEEDS TO BE
ADDRESSED.
SO THANK YOU.
THAT&apos;S EVERYTHING.
OUR NEXT MEETING FOR THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
IS TUESDAY, APRIL TWELVE AND IT
IS AT NOON AND WE ARE STILL
MEETING ABOUT LIBYA ZOOME I
BELIEVE YOU CAN GO TO THE
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
LINK ON THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN WEBSITE AND GET THE
SAME INFORMATION THERE.
THANK YOU
.
THAT IS THE CITY PERSONNEL
REPORT DENIECE OK GOOD
AFTERNOON PERSONNEL UPDATE CITY
WELCOMES FOR EXAMPLE OUR
ENGINEERING TRANSPORTATION
PROGRAM MANAGER JONATHAN
HOGWOOD CITY ASSESSED HER
OFFICE PROPERTY APPRAISER RYAN
LYNCH WATER TREATMENT SERVICES
WATER UTILITY TECHNICIAN KELLY
STEWART OFFICE OF THE MAYOR AND
CITY COUNCIL EXECUTIVE
ASSISTANT RETIREMENT FAREWELLS
GO TO SHANE DENNIS POLICE STAFF
SERGEANT BRETT HANSEN POLICE
DETECTIVE JUNE HER POLICE
SENIOR OFFICER ROBERT SCHNEIDER
POLICE DETECTIVE AND RENE
WAGNER POLICE PROFESSIONAL
ASSISTANT.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S IT FOR ME.
WE GOT A LOT.
YES AND NOW WE HAVE THE CHAIR
REPORT AND THE ZACH CHAIRMAN
DAMON THERE HE LET ME KNOW THAT
THE ONLY THING HE HAD AT THAT
TIME WAS THE SNOW REMOVAL
UPDATE WHICH ALEX GAVE BECAUSE
HE WENT THERE AND HE WAS SORRY
HE COULDN&apos;T BE HERE THIS MONTH
BUT HIS COMMITMENT HAPPENED
THEN SO HE WILL BE BACK NEXT
MONTH.
&gt;&gt; IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU&apos;D
LIKE TO KNOW BEFORE HE LEFT
DENISE NO, THERE WAS NOT.
OK, SO THERE IS THAT SO NEXT IS
THERE IS THERE ANY OLD BUSINESS
THAT NEEDS TO BE DISCUSSED?
I ACTUALLY HAVE AN UPDATE ON
THE APS, THE ACCESSIBLE
PEDESTRIAN SIGNALS RESOLUTION
THAT WE TALKED ABOUT.
HOW LONG WAS THAT MEETING?
I ACTUALLY HAVEN&apos;T I HAVE AN
UPDATE ABOUT THE APP.
YES.
THE ACCESSIBLE PEDESTRIAN
SIGNAL RESOLUTION THAT WE
TALKED TO WE PASSED LAST MONTH.
I HEARD FROM STAFF SO
FORTUNATELY THEY DIDN&apos;T
COMMUNICATE TO ME AS A MAP BUT
I GOT OH THERE ARE FIFTY FOUR
ARE ARE FBI LOCATIONS WHERE THE
THERE&apos;S A AN APPS AND THERE ARE
TEN SIGNALS TO INTERSECTIONS
WHERE APP APPS EXISTS AND IN
ANSWER TO QUESTIONS THEY SAID
WE CAN WE CAN ACTUALLY PITCH
WHAT IS THE WHAT&apos;S GOING TO BE
THE BEST WAY FOR OUR RESIDENTS
TO DIRECTLY REQUEST APPS
SIGNALS PARTICULARLY FOR PEOPLE
WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE VISUALLY
IMPAIRED BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY IT&apos;S
ADDRESSING THEIR NEEDS RIGHT
NOW THE INSTALLATION OF THOSE
SIGNALS IS IS JUST A DOLLAR
AMOUNT PER YEAR.
IT&apos;S A FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
AND SO PER SIGNAL NO, NO, NO,
NO.
NOT PER SIGNAL.
IT&apos;S FIFTY FIFTY THOUSAND
NO.
DOLLARS PER YEAR IS ALLOCATED
IT&apos;S FIFTY FIFTY THOUSAND
NOW THIS IS THIS IS THE
DOLLARS PER YEAR IS ALLOCATED
EXPLANATION SO FIFTY THOUSAND
NOW THIS IS THIS IS THE
DOLLARS IF THERE&apos;S NO REQUIRED
EXPLANATION SO FIFTY THOUSAND
CONCRETE WORK THAT COULD
DOLLARS IF THERE&apos;S NO REQUIRED
COVER UP TO FOUR INTERSECTIONS
CONCRETE WORK THAT COULD
IF THEY HAVE TO DO CONCRETE
COVER UP TO FOUR INTERSECTIONS
WORK THEN THE COST FOR ONE
IF THEY HAVE TO DO CONCRETE
INTERSECTION JUST ONE COULD BE
WORK THEN THE COST FOR ONE
FIFTY TO NINETY THOUSAND BUT
INTERSECTION JUST ONE COULD BE
THEY&apos;RE ONLY THEY&apos;VE ONLY
FIFTY TO NINETY THOUSAND BUT
PROGRAMED FIFTY PER YEAR FIFTY
THEY&apos;RE ONLY THEY&apos;VE ONLY
THOUSAND DOLLARS PER YEAR SO
PROGRAMED FIFTY PER YEAR FIFTY
THAT&apos;S FUNDING AND THEY SAID
THOUSAND DOLLARS PER YEAR SO
FOR MOST INTERSECTIONS YOU NEED
THAT&apos;S FUNDING AND THEY SAID
CONCRETE WORK.
FOR MOST INTERSECTIONS YOU NEED
I&apos;M NOT SURE HOW I DON&apos;T KNOW
CONCRETE WORK.
HOW ANY OF THEM ARE INSTALLED
I&apos;M NOT SURE HOW I DON&apos;T KNOW
BASED ON A LITTLE WE&apos;VE FUNDED
HOW ANY OF THEM ARE INSTALLED
THEM.
BASED ON A LITTLE WE&apos;VE FUNDED
THERE ARE TWO WAYS THAT THEY
THEM.
CAN BE INTEGRATED.
THERE ARE TWO WAYS THAT THEY
I JUST I&apos;M READING THIS EMAIL.
CAN BE INTEGRATED.
I JUST GOT IT TWO DAYS AGO WE
I JUST I&apos;M READING THIS EMAIL.
COULD WE COULD REQUIRE THAT
I JUST GOT IT TWO DAYS AGO WE
EVERY TIME A SIDEWALK OR A
COULD WE COULD REQUIRE THAT
CROSSWALK IS CONSTRUCTED THAT
EVERY TIME A SIDEWALK OR A
IT IT BE DIRECTED IN A WAY THAT
CROSSWALK IS CONSTRUCTED THAT
IT&apos;S COMPATIBLE FOR
IT IT BE DIRECTED IN A WAY THAT
INSTALLATION SO THAT IN THE
IT&apos;S COMPATIBLE FOR
FUTURE, YOU KNOW, THEY WOULD
INSTALLATION SO THAT IN THE
THEY WOULD PUT IN THE
FUTURE, YOU KNOW, THEY WOULD
UNDERGROUND STUFF THE CONDUITS
THEY WOULD PUT IN THE
,THE HANDLES SO THAT IT&apos;S SO
UNDERGROUND STUFF THE CONDUITS
THAT IT&apos;S READY BUT NOT
,THE HANDLES SO THAT IT&apos;S SO
INSTALLED.
THAT IT&apos;S READY BUT NOT
THAT&apos;S LIKE EVERY CROSSWALK OR
INSTALLED.
SECTION THEY DO LIKE THEY MAKE
THAT&apos;S LIKE EVERY CROSSWALK OR
THEM ALL APPS READY.
SECTION THEY DO LIKE THEY MAKE
THAT SEEMS LIKE AN OBVIOUS
THEM ALL APPS READY.
THING TO DO.
THAT SEEMS LIKE AN OBVIOUS
THE SECOND OPTION IS THAT
THING TO DO.
WHENEVER ANY ANY SIDEWALK OR
THE SECOND OPTION IS THAT
CROSSWALK IS PART OF A CAPITAL
WHENEVER ANY ANY SIDEWALK OR
IMPROVEMENT PROJECT THEY COULD
CROSSWALK IS PART OF A CAPITAL
JUST UPGRADE TO AN APPS JUST AS
IMPROVEMENT PROJECT THEY COULD
LIKE A DEFAULT.
JUST UPGRADE TO AN APPS JUST AS
BUT THEY&apos;RE SAYING THAT THAT A
LIKE A DEFAULT.
LOT OF THESE PROJECTS DON&apos;T
BUT THEY&apos;RE SAYING THAT THAT A
TOUCH ALL FOUR CORNERS OF AN
LOT OF THESE PROJECTS DON&apos;T
INTERSECTION.
TOUCH ALL FOUR CORNERS OF AN
&gt;&gt; SO IF WE WERE TO DO THAT
INTERSECTION.
THEN WE WOULD BE WE MIGHT NOT
&gt;&gt; SO IF WE WERE TO DO THAT
WE MIGHT HAVE SORT OF APPS ON
THEN WE WOULD BE WE MIGHT NOT
ONE SIDE OF THE INTERSECTION
WE MIGHT HAVE SORT OF APPS ON
BUT NOT ON THE OTHER BECAUSE WE
ONE SIDE OF THE INTERSECTION
WOULD AND THEN THE OTHER PIECE
BUT NOT ON THE OTHER BECAUSE WE
OF IT BECAUSE I WAS ASKING
WOULD AND THEN THE OTHER PIECE
ABOUT HOW HOW WE COULD HAVE A
OF IT BECAUSE I WAS ASKING
FORMALIZED PLAN OF THESE ARE
ABOUT HOW HOW WE COULD HAVE A
THE ONES THAT ARE HIGH PRIORITY
FORMALIZED PLAN OF THESE ARE
THAT NEED TO BE ON BECAUSE
THE ONES THAT ARE HIGH PRIORITY
OF ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES RELATED
THAT NEED TO BE ON BECAUSE
TO THEIR LOCATION.
OF ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES RELATED
THEY SENT ME A LINK I WAS SENT
TO THEIR LOCATION.
A LINK FOR THE NATIONAL
THEY SENT ME A LINK I WAS SENT
COOPERATIVE HIGHWAY RESEARCH
A LINK FOR THE NATIONAL
PROGRAM WHICH HAS A THERE&apos;S
COOPERATIVE HIGHWAY RESEARCH
THERE&apos;S BASICALLY LIKE SOMEBODY
PROGRAM WHICH HAS A THERE&apos;S
IS ALREADY PUT OUT A REPORT ON
THERE&apos;S BASICALLY LIKE SOMEBODY
HOW TO PRIORITIZE LOCATIONS
IS ALREADY PUT OUT A REPORT ON
BASED ON USER REQUESTS AND SO,
HOW TO PRIORITIZE LOCATIONS
YOU KNOW, I SHOULD FORWARD THIS
BASED ON USER REQUESTS AND SO,
ON I DON&apos;T I NEED TO ASK MORE
YOU KNOW, I SHOULD FORWARD THIS
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT IS
ON I DON&apos;T I NEED TO ASK MORE
REQUIRED IN TERMS OF LIKE THOSE
QUESTIONS ABOUT WHAT IS
TWO THINGS SEEMS TO ME LIKE A
REQUIRED IN TERMS OF LIKE THOSE
NO BRAINER THAT WE WOULD EVERY
TWO THINGS SEEMS TO ME LIKE A
TIME WE REDO AN INTERSECTION WE
NO BRAINER THAT WE WOULD EVERY
MAKE IT WE MAKE IT APPS READY
TIME WE REDO AN INTERSECTION WE
EVEN IF WE DON&apos;T HAVE THE FUNDS
MAKE IT WE MAKE IT APPS READY
TO UPGRADE IT RIGHT THEN AND
EVEN IF WE DON&apos;T HAVE THE FUNDS
THE SECOND PIECE OF JUST
TO UPGRADE IT RIGHT THEN AND
INSTALLING APPS AS A DEFAULT I
THE SECOND PIECE OF JUST
DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW ABOUT THAT
INSTALLING APPS AS A DEFAULT I
BECAUSE I DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW IF
DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW ABOUT THAT
IT&apos;S SMART TO WITH AS LITTLE
BECAUSE I DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW IF
FUNDS AS WE&apos;RE DEDICATING TO
IT&apos;S SMART TO WITH AS LITTLE
THIS.
FUNDS AS WE&apos;RE DEDICATING TO
I DON&apos;T KNOW IF IT&apos;S SMARTER TO
THIS.
DEDICATE THOSE FUNDS TO
I DON&apos;T KNOW IF IT&apos;S SMARTER TO
RESEARCH REQUEST OR PRIORITIZE
DEDICATE THOSE FUNDS TO
LOCATIONS.
RESEARCH REQUEST OR PRIORITIZE
I MEAN
THIS COULD APPLY TO SO
MANY DIFFERENT IT&apos;S DIFFERENT
RESOURCES LIKE YOU KNOW, WITH A
LIMITED AMOUNT OF FUNDS.
DO YOU PUT BIKE LANES
EVERYWHERE OR DO YOU PUT A DO
YOU FOLLOW WHAT I&apos;M SAYING?
I THERE&apos;S SORT OF MORE
DISCUSSION TO BE HAD ON THIS
TOPIC AND I I NEED TO FORWARD
THIS EMAIL ON WELL OUR OUR
YEAH.
PARTNERS AND ACCESS CAN HELP
YOU THAT I THINK YEAH.
&gt;&gt; HERE&apos;S HERE&apos;S ANOTHER
SUGGESTION THAT THAT I JUST
THOUGHT OF ANOTHER THING I JUST
THOUGHT OF THAT MIGHT BE KIND
OF INTERESTING TO PUT UP THERE
IT&apos;S JUST A SECOND SIDEWAYS
PIECE BUT WHAT IF YOU&apos;RE WITH
YOUR GUY MOVING INTO TOWN OR A
GIRL MOVING INTO SOMETHING
MOVING INTO CAMINADA AN HOUR
WHERE YOU&apos;RE GOING TO LIVE
THERE?
IS THERE A WAY WHERE YOU CAN
FIND OUT WHERE THE APC&apos;S ARE?
I THINK THAT&apos;S A REALLY SUPER
GOOD IDEA.
&gt;&gt; WELL, BECAUSE I KNOW WE&apos;RE
ALL THE ONES IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD
ARE THE ONLY I KNOW THAT IS
BECAUSE THEY&apos;RE THERE AND THEY
WEREN&apos;T THERE BEFORE I WAS HERE
AND BUT IF I HADN&apos;T IF I HAD
MOVED HERE FROM SOMEWHERE ELSE
OR OR EVEN MOVED INTO A
DIFFERENT NEIGHBORHOOD, IT
MIGHT BE A NICE IDEA TO FIND
WHERE THEY WERE BEFORE I MOVED
IN TO LOOK AROUND FOR THEM.
YEAH.
AND UNFORTUNATELY THEY SHARED
THEY SHARED IT TO ME AS A LIST.
I THOUGHT IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
PROBABLY BETTER TO HAVE THEM AS
LOCATIONS ON A MAP BUT I HAVE
JUST A LIST AND SO IT&apos;S LIKE
STREET NAMES YOU KNOW LIKE
STADIUM AND GREEN VIEW AND
STADIUM AND MAYWOOD OR WHATEVER
WHATEVER THEY WERE LIKE THAT
THE LIST IS IT&apos;S LIKE IT&apos;S A
LOT OF OUR RFP, A LOT
OF PEDESTRIAN CROSSINGS AND TEN
TEN SIGNALED INTERSECTIONS BUT
THAT&apos;S A REALLY GOOD IDEA
BECAUSE BECAUSE THEY&apos;VE SAID
THE THE RESPONSE I GOT SAID
THAT THEY WOULD BE PERFECTLY
HAPPY TO SET UP A WEB PAGE ON
THE CITY SITE.
THEY CAN DESIGN WHATEVER
RESIDENT REQUEST DIRECT TO THE
CITY SITE THAT WE THINK WOULD
BE BEST SOMETHING SIMPLE
STRAIGHTFORWARD THAT PEOPLE CAN
FIND AND IT DOES SEEM LIKE THAT
WOULD BE HELP IS AN ADDITIONAL
PIECE OF INFORMATION ON THAT
PAGE COULD BE LIKE THIS IS THIS
HERE&apos;S A MAP OF WHERE THEY ARE
ALREADY.
THAT&apos;S A REALLY GOOD IDEA
ANY
MORE ANY MORE QUESTIONS ARE ANY
MORE OLD BUSINESS OR ANY MORE
OLD BUSINESS
THEN WE WOULD MOVE
ON TO NEW BUSINESS.
IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS?
&gt;&gt; OK, CLOSING NEW BUSINESS,
ANY COMMUNICATIONS TO BE PASSED
ALONG, ANY MESSAGES,
COMMUNICATIONS ANNOUNCEMENTS
.
CAN I JUST REQUEST KATHLEEN
PLEASE CIRCULATE THAT REPORT
GENERATED BY THE COMMITTEE THAT
SHE SPOKE ABOUT.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;D LIKE TO READ THAT IN
FULL IF POSSIBLE.
YES, I&apos;D BE HAPPY TO SEND IT
OFF TO DENISE TONIGHT.
OK, THANK YOU.
IF THERE&apos;S NO FURTHER OK
THERE&apos;S NO FURTHER BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; THERE&apos;S NO ANNOUNCEMENTS I
WOULD REQUEST SOMEONE MOVE THAT
WE ADJOURN THIS MEETING.
SO I MOVED A SECOND AND ALL IN
FAVOR OF IT.
&gt;&gt; NOBODY CAN SAY WAIT A
MINUTE, WE&apos;VE ANOTHER FORTY
FIVE MINUTES